---
title: "[O1]-[1]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube hjN5d0XbogY >}}
```

---

Before starting the content of this channel, I want you to mention a point here.

And that is the ultimate point to understand and remember. Keep that point in your mind while going through the content of this channel.
Keep the focus completely, on that ultimate point.

Doing so, would make the process of grasping this philosophy, extremely effortless

In this video, we will talk something important, about that ultimate point.

---

So, the ultimate point to mention here is that,

EVERYTHING, EVERYTHING, mark my words, EVERYTHING about you, about your entire materialistic existence, narrows down to ONE SINGLE THING, ONE THING ALONE.

That’s it, ONE THING !

EVERYTHING revolves around that one thing, EVERYTHING is because of that one thing. This ENTIRE materialistic existence, IS because of that ONE THING. Period !

So here, in this channel we will dive to the deepest depth of THAT one thing, and THAT will reveal EVERYTHING !

But what all comes under this EVERYTHING ? Well, let the content of this channel proceed.

And trust me, this process is going to be mind blowing, IF you gather the courage to face the truth, the ultimate truth of our existence.

---

In next video, We will look into the strategy of the content of this channel by which we would dig into this ultimate point,

TO THE DEEPEST DEPTH POSSIBLE.

---

---
