---
title: "[O1]-[3]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube mTtfobOd80I >}}
```

---

This video is meant to be a disclaimer.

An extremely important & POSITIVE disclaimer related to the ultimate truth of our existence.

The content of this channel is going to be very raw.

Understanding of something and realization of that something are two different things.

Understanding of something might be easy, but it is very possible that realization of that very same thing might demand extreme mental strength.

Here on this channel, we are exploring the ultimate truth of our existence. The realization of which DOES demand extreme mental strength.

It is very possible that it would be painful.

But the thing is, that pain would be out of breaking of the existing perception that you have, which is not deep enough. But the new perception that you will get, would be much deeper and clearer than the existing perception. The new perception would be, the perception in alignment with the ultimate truth of our existence.

And understand one thing, if your current perception is far away from being aligned with the ultimate truth, then the process of getting it aligned with the ultimate truth would be heart-breaking, BUT the ultimate truth in itself is EXTREMELY PLEASUROUS, much much more than how much your current perception is.

And the extreme pleasure of the ultimate truth, is UNSHAKABLE.

Once your perception is aligned with the ultimate truth, your complete being would be transformed into being unshakably pleasurous.

And to achieve it, there is no need to break any of your existing bonds, relations or your love life.

Realization of the ultimate truth, would be a catalyst to your existing relations and bonds, they WOULD remain intact. The only thing that would happen with them is that, they would get much much deeper and stronger and more pleasurous and pure.

So don’t be scared of the ultimate truth. The ultimate truth of our existence is unshakably pleasurous for each and every soul.

And while exploring the ultimate truth of our existence, if you found yourself into notingness and emptiness, into a dark void, understand one thing, in that case, you have NOT reached the ultimate truth of your
existence.

And don’t worry, I would not let you get stuck in that situation, as I am here to take you to

THE ULTIMATE TRUTH OF OUR EXISTENCE.

---

---
