---
title: "[A8]-[1]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube KYcS63z86l0 >}}
```

---

---

So with this video, we will start with the new sub-section, A8.

Previous sub-section A7, was about understanding the phenomenon of perception.

In this sub-section A8, we will dig into exploring some important aspects related to the truth and the ultimate truth..

---

---

In previous sub-section A7, we saw what perception is, in a very detailed way.

The question is, what is the connection between the truth and the perception ?

We will understand exactly that, through this video.

---

In previous sub-section A7, we saw that the perception that you have about something, is the image that you have in your mind, about that thing.

But just having an image about something, does it means that, that thing is exactly like, the image that we have in our mind about that thing ?

---

Let us take an example here.

Suppose that there are 2 person, Person A and Person B.

Suppose that Person A is a very knowledgeable person, but on the surface does not show off the knowledge. So everyone does not considers Person A as a knowledgeable person.

And Person B is not a knowledgeable at all, but know only little enough to be able to portray himself as being very knowledgeable. So everyone does considers Person B as a knowledgeable person.

But then comes the time to perform. Person A performs wonderfully based on the knowledge he had. But person B fails miserably to perform.

That is when the perception of people change towards them. That is when everyone understands that Person A is actually a very knowledgeable person, and Person B is not.

So earlier, before the perception of everyone changed, was that perception, the earlier perception, the truth ? NO.

With the change of perception, did the truth changed ? NO.

Truth was the same before the change of perception, and it remained the same after the change of perception.

---

Let us take another example here. An example which is very relevant to our life and a common phenomenon which we face today.

Suppose that there is some food in front of you. And that food is poisonous. But that food look awesome and smells wonderful. So you perceive that food as atleast non-poisonous, if not healthy. So just because in your perception, the food is not poisonous, so the food does become non-poisonous ? NO, right ! That food would still be poisonous, even if it looks good, smells good as well as tastes good.

---

Truth and the perception of truth are two completely different things.

Truth and perception of truth may aligned with each other or may be far away from each other.

Just because you have perception about something, does not mean that, that perception is the truth of that something.

Having perception about the truth, does not itself mean that, that perception is the truth.

---

So the big question is, whatever perceptions that you have about various things, how much of those perceptions are really the truth, and how much of them are mere perception of truth, but not the truth ?

How will you know that, unless and until you dig deep into finding the truth of your perceptions ?

---

---

In next video, we will talk about some important aspects related to the truth.

---

---
