---
title: "[A8]-[2]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube W0KqrcOL9SQ >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we saw that truth and perception of truth, are two different things.

In this video, we will talk about some important aspects related to the truth.

---

---

In previous video of this sub-section A8, we understood that, truth and perception of truth, are two completely different things.

Having perception about the truth, does not itself mean that, that perception is the truth.

Truth and perception of truth may be aligned with each other or may be far away from each other.

---

Let us take an example here, the example of the phenomenon of gravity.

The truth as we know, is that the gravity DOES exist on the earth.

But suppose that a certain person happens to have perception that, there is no phenomenon of gravity that does exist. There is no gravity.

So just by that person having such a perception, does the existence of vanishes ? No, right.

What if that person is you ? In that case what ? Still the truth remains as it is, right ?

What if we all people living on this planet, together at a time start to deny the existence of gravity, in that case what ?

Does the gravity vanishes ? Because everyone is denying the existence of gravity, and anyone who acknowledges the existence of gravity will be considered as a wearied person. So does gravity follow the trend and seize to exist ? No, right ?

No matter what your perception of the truth is, no matter what perception of the truth, everyone has, truth remains unchanged.

Truth is beyond EVERY & ALL perceptions.

---

Now let us take another example here.

Suppose that injustice is done to a certain person.

But in court, if based on numerous witness, we proved that injustice did not took place, in that case what ? Does the truth that the injustice done, would change ? NO, it would still be injustice done.

What if we change the law itself, and make the law in such a way that, the injustice fits into the context of law ? What if injustice itself becomes the law ?

Will that injustice turn into justice ? NO, it would still be injustice.

But what if we trick that person himself, into believing that the injustice done to that person, is actually a justice ? In that case what ? Does injustice turns into justice ? NO, in this case, that person would be deceived into believing that it is justice, BUT the injustice would still remain to be injustice.

---

Let us take an another example here.

Suppose that a certain mistake is made. And that mistake is repeated over and over again.

So is that mistake corrected ? NO.

Now with time, everyone starts making that mistake on repeated basis. In that case what ? Is that mistake corrected ? NO

Now suppose that committing that mistake is passed on from generation to generation, so not that mistake has became a tradition. In that case, what ? Is that mistake corrected ? NO.

No suppose that someone does understand the mistake and tries to correct it, BUT, that mistake is a tradition now, so everyone’s emotions are attached to it, so everyone blocks that mistake from getting corrected. In that case what ? Is mistake corrected ? NO. Does correcting the mistake, itself becomes a mistake, or still the mistake is a mistake ? Mistake is not corrected, so mistake still remains a mistake, right ? YES.

You see, from the above examples, no matter what the conditions, truth remains unchanged. Even if we try to manipulate conditions against the truth, it does not change the truth.

Even if we ALL human beings come together to manipulate and make it against the truth, it does not change the truth.

Even if we all come together and try to change the truth by perceiving it as something different, still the truth remains unchanged. Truth has nothing to do with majority or minority, truth is universal and unaffected at all by your perception.

TRUTH REMAINS UNCHANGED !

Truth is beyond EVERY & ALL, perceptions & conditions !

---

Perception of truth can be managed, not Truth !

It is the perception of truth that has to resonate with the truth, truth does not resonate with the perception of truth. Truth stays as it is !

Truth remains truth, no matter what. It does not gets changed by anything or for anybody. It is not affected by anything. It has nothing to do with if it favors anyone or not, may it favor all or nobody.

Truth is unchangeable and unshakeable.

You can find ways to avoid or move away from the truth but you cannot escape it, as it has nothing to do with you but it is THE TRUTH for you.

Truth is not as per your convenience. If you are trying to find the truth that suits your convenience, you are not trying to find the truth, you are trying to find a lie. And, in this case, it would be mere a coincidence, if what you are trying to find, coincides with the truth.

---

Truth is not affected by your convenience. It has NOTHING to do with anyone’s and everyone’s convenience. It remains as it is, unshakable by anything and everything.

While seeking the truth, you need to seek the truth AS IT IS, RAW, no matter what the perceptions, no matter what the conditions. That’s the only way.

---

Truth is beyond EVERY & ALL perceptions & conditions !

Truth remains unshakable and unchanged by anything and everything.

Truth remains unchanged.

---

---

In next video, we will talk something about the ultimate truth.

---

---
