---
title: "[A5]-[2]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube __ >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding the importance of possibilities.

In this video, we will understand as what is knowledge, ignorance, belief and superstition. We will understand it based on possibilities.

---

---

We have seen in earlier sub-section A4, that, it is the choice that we make, determines what we make of our life. It is our choices that determines if we would make something, big or small whatever, or if we would end up with nothing or something negative.

At every point in your life, at every moment in your life, you DO have choice.

If you find yourself into miseries, remember, it was your choice.

Whenever there are multiple possibilities, there IS a choice, choice of which possibility to manifest.

You need to explore possibilities, to explore as to what choices do you have.

And in previous video, we also saw how critically important it is to dive deep into understanding the possibilities.

Now we will do the same.

And through that we would be able to understand as what is the precise distinction between knowledge, ignorance and superstition.

---

We can classify possibilities into two categories.

First being -- known possibilities & unknown possibilities

Second being -- actual possibilities & illusionary possibilities.

Illusionary possibilities means possibilities which appears to be actual possibilities but are not real possibilities.

So, there are possibilities that we know of there existence, but it does not mean that they are the only possibilities that does exist. There ARE the possibilities that we are completely ignorant of there existence. Those are the unknown possibilities.

And the possibilities that we know of, do you think that all those possibilities are actually possible ? NO.

Not all the possibilities that we consider as possibilities are actual possibilities. There are possibilities which does appear to be possible, but are not actual possibilities. Those are illusionary possibilities.

How do you know that known actual possibility is actually an actual possibility, and not an illusionary possibility ? How would you know the illusion involved, unless you explore the possibilities ?

---

Based on these types of possibilities, we can understand what exactly are → Knowledge & Ignorance AND Belief & Superstition.

---

So now, let us define the ignorance, knowledge, belief & superstition.

---

What is ignorance ?

Ignorance is when you don’t know something.

The possibilities which you don’t know, you are ignorant about those possibilities.

The possibilities which are illusionary but you don’t know that they are illusionary, then that is ignorance.

---

What is knowledge ?

Knowledge is when you know something. When there is only one possibility which is real, actual possibility, and you know that it is the only possibility, then that is knowledge that you have.

Knowledge when you know a possibility and know if is it actual or illusion.

We will dig more into understanding knowledge, in next video.

---

What is belief ?

When there are multiple possibilities, and if you don’t know which one of it is possible, and you do understand that you don’t have this knowledge. But you happen to consider a certain possibility out of multiple possibilities to be possible, but you take it as a guess, not knowledge, then that is belief, your belief in that possibility, which you consider likely to be the truth.

Belief is not knowledge.

Belief can be wrong or can be right.

---

What is superstition ?

Superstition is when you take belief as knowledge.

Even if that belief is right, it is still a superstition, if it is taken as knowledge.

---

Knowledge and ignorance are the two extremes. And in between those extremes, exists superstition & belief.

Till the knowledge is reached, knowledge of ignorance IS the ONLY knowledge.

Anything else, taken as knowledge, is SUPERSTITION.

---

---

In next video, we will dig more deep into understanding as what exactly is knowledge ? To be precise, into the claim of knowledge.

---

---
