---
title: "[A5]-[1]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube yVvY44mKoQk >}}
```

---

---

So with this video, we will start with the new sub-section, A5.

Previous sub-section, was about understanding the importance of choice, importance of knowledge, clarity and vision, and also about positivity and negativity, and much more.

In that sub-section, we also did dig more into understanding the importance of exploring the possibilities.

In this sub-section A5, we will take this exploration of possibilities to even more depth.

---

---

In earlier sub-section A1 , we saw how important is science & philosophy.

In previous sub-section A4 , we saw how important is knowledge, clarity and vision.

What is it that we do when we chase it ? We explore what ?

We explore one thing, and that is POSSIBILITIES.

We also saw how vital the exploration of the possibilities IS, for positivity.

We also saw that, It is the choice that we make, determines what we make of our life. It is our choices that determines if we would make something, big or small whatever, or if we would end up with nothing or something negative.

To be aware of the existence of all the choices available to you, you need to explore ALL the possibilities.

Exploring possibilities is extremely critically important for us to realize our ultimate pleasure potential.

---

Here is a thing.

Whatever you are experiencing now, whatever your life may be now, is just the manifestation of one single unique combination of various single possibility form different aspects of your life, from the big set of ALL the possibilities of various aspects of your life.

Our identity, our entire being, is based on that very same thing, on possibilities.

Possibilities IS at the very core of our existence.

Then how can we explore the ultimate truth of our existence, without exploring possibilities ? It is not possible.

Have you ever wondered if how big really is this area of possibilities and why only one unique combination of those possibilities has manifested itself? And what if any of the other possibilities would had manifested themselves? Would we be the same in those possibilities?

---

Understand one thing, being ignorant of the possibilities, IS the root cause of ALL the sufferings.

As we have seen in earlier sub-section A4, for ultimate positivity, you need to have ultimate knowledge, ultimate clarity and ultimate vision.

And for that, it is extremely important that you explore the possibilities.

Exploring possibilities is the greater form of positivity.

Blocking the exploration of possibilities, is negativity.

---

When I talk about possibilities, I don’t mean just the possibilities which are bright, like extreme success and all. I also mean the possibilities which can bring the most extreme and the most deepest darkness in your life if they manifest themselves.

Either you explore the possibilities yourself the safe way with honesty for your self-realization, or the possibilities will hit you there hard way to get you to self realization, the choice is yours.

---

Exploring the possibilities can either get you extremely terrified or can get you extremely healed.

If you explore the possibilities with not a completely open mind, then there is a huge probability that you would get extremely terrified.

If you explore the possibilities with a completely open mind, then there is a huge probability that you would get extremely healed.

It is this area of our reality where the realization of the ultimate truth lies. THE POSSIBILITIES.

---

Possibilities is the area which has potential to reveal the knowledge, but it is also the area which has potential to establish an illusion, a lie.

How ? And what can we do to safeguard us and other’s from it ? We WILL explore that through the content of this channel.

---

Possibilities is the area, where the magic lyes,

Possibilities that exists, exists, weather you are aware of it or not aware of it.

So what are those possibilities, that we are completely unaware, completely ignorant about ?

Are those possibilities of far greater potential than the possibilities that we as of now, know about.

Is it possible that those unknown possibilities, might be of far greater potential than the possibilities known to us, as of now. So much of greater potential that, in front of the current possibilities, those possibilities would seem to
be magical.

Are there possibilities, which are of such greater potential, that does exists ALL the time ?

If yes, then what are those ? Because if they exist ALL the time, then they DO exist even now.

How would you know it, unless you explore them ?

Exploring ALL the possibilities, is extremely vital and necessary for us to achieve our highest of pleasure potential.

By not exploring possibilities, you are critically restricting your pleasure potential.

---

But remember, justice is above ALL & Everything.

Justice IS above exploration of possibilities.

---

---

In next video, we will understand as what is knowledge, ignorance, belief and superstition. We will understand it based on possibilities.

---

---
