---
title: "[A5]-[6]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube D3wjyDhU8T0 >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding as, what is absolute knowledge ?

In this video, we will dive into exploring as, is there something, some area of knowledge, which is BEYOND witness ?

If yes, than what IS it ?

---

---

As we have seen in earlier sub-section A1 , what do we do in science ? We OBSERVE.

The very core of the our knowledge, is based on observation. Observing IS witnessing.

Measuring IS witnessing, precise witnessing.

The complete science that we know as of now, is totally based on the phenomenon of witness.

---

The thing to mention here is, almost ALL the things of these materialistic reality, that we claim the knowledge about, whatever we claim knowledge into, related to this physical world; almost all of it is based on witness.

And as we have seen earlier videos of this sub-section A5 that, we cannot claim absolute knowledge, purely based on witness, atleast as of now, as our witness is not anywhere near perfection, as there IS a huge amount of ignorance involved in it.

So till previous video, we were talking about the knowledge which is based on witness.

But is there a possibility that there could be some area of knowledge, which is not based on witness, i.e. which is BEYOND witness.

See, as I said earlier in this video, almost ALL the knowledge we have as of now, is totally based on witness.

Here, I am saying ALMOST all and not ALL the knowledge.

And if I am saying ALMOST all, and not ALL the knowledge, then it means that there is some knowledge which IS beyond witness ?

So which knowledge is based on witness and which is beyond witness ?

---

As we have seen in earlier videos, we cannot claim knowledge purely based on witness. But what about the knowledge that is beyond witness ? Can we claim absolute knowledge, in that case ?

Think on it !

---

And yes, we DO have a certain area of knowledge at our disposal, which IS totally, completely, BEYOND WITNESS

So the big question is, what IS it ?

It is ...................... MATHEMATICS !

And that is exactly why, mathematics is VERY special.

---

---

So with this video, we are done with the sub-section A5, if I don’t happen to upload, in future, any new video related to this sub-section A5.
To check that, follow the sequence of nomenclature, not the sequence of upload.

This sub-section, was about precisely understanding as what is knowledge, ignorance, belief and superstition.

In the next sub-section A6, we will explore the journey from ignorance to knowledge.

---

---
