---
title: "[A5]-[3]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube cFPhySAQp7U >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we understood as what is knowledge, ignorance, belief and superstition.

In this video, we will dig more deep into understanding as what exactly is knowledge ? To be precise, into the claim of knowledge.

---

---

To understand as what is knowledge, we shall consider an example here.

---

Suppose that someone is standing on edge of the mountain top with a ball in his hand.

Now suppose that that person thinks of leaving that ball from the edge.

If that person is not a knowledgeable being, like us ofcourse, then that person must not be knowing as what will happen to that ball, in that case, that person is ignorant about the possibilities.

But that person does has a good quality as we do have, i.e. curiosity.

So, that person tries to make a guess, as what would happen. He tries to figure out the possibilities. He remembers that earlier he had seen the ball falling on the ground, so of all the possibilities, he considers the possibility of that ball falling in downward direction, from the edge, as the possibility which is more probable to happen.

But here, that person is considering that possibility as a probability not as something he knows. So here that person is believing in that possibility. Though that belief might be extremely strong, but still, it is a belief.

How foolish is that ! That person had seen earlier that the ball falls in downward direction when left from a certain height, but still that person is not taking that as knowledge. Ain’t that dumb ? Hmmm.

But is it really foolish or does it appears foolish but has genuine logic behind it ?

---

Because if that knowledge is based on witness of the past, then here is a thing about witness.

Suppose that some possibility manifesting itself has probability of 99.999% for its manifestation. And if you have witnessed that 99.999% manifesting each and every time. BUT unless and until that probability is 100%, how can you claim knowledge based on that witness ?

You can claim knowledge of past manifestations, as you have witnessed it.

And here I am not going into the topic of ‘what is witness ?’. That is a completely different area of investigation.

Any probability of lesser than 100%, itself means the existence of multiple actual possibilities.

And even though you might be witnessing a certain possibility, with the probability of 99.999% manifesting itself, infinite number of times, each and every time, BUT STILL, the possibility with the remaining probability of 0.001%, does exists, and is capable of getting manifested over the other possibility

---

Here is one more thing about the witness. Even if you might have witnessed a certain possibility manifesting itself infinite number of times, each and every time, BUT, how do you know that the probability of that same possibility getting manifested is 100% or is something lesser than 100% ? How do you know that ?

And if you don’t know that, then how can you claim it as knowledge ?

And as far as the witness goes, when you do not know ALL the possible factors involved related to a certain phenomenon and also don’t know the probability, if it is 100% or is it lesser than that, then in that case, you CANNOT claim the prediction of future manifestation, as knowledge.

Even if you had witnessed the manifestation of a certain possibility infinite number of times and each & every time, that certain possibility manifesting, still you cannot claim that as knowledge.

Even if the probability of a certain condition manifesting itself, is 99.999%, and you have witnessed that 99.999% every time, still you cannot claim that as knowledge.

It can only be taken as belief.

For you to claim knowledge only based on witness, then that witness needs to be 100% of times.

And when you happen to predict a manifestation, that itself means that the witness is not 100% of times. As the manifestation that you are predicting, you have not witnessed it.

This itself means that you cannot claim the prediction of future manifestation, as knowledge, based on mere witness.

You can form belief of future manifestation, based on witness, not knowledge.

And if you take belief as knowledge, it would be a superstition, not knowledge.

---

So now you tell me, in this example, if that person would leave that ball from the mountain edge, what would happen ?

And if you would claim the ball falling down, as knowledge, merely based on witness of the past, then that would be a superstition.

---

Here while talking about witness, we were talking about witness which is imperfect. But if the witness is perfect, we
WOULD be able to claim knowledge of the future manifestation, based on the witness of the past manifestation.

But for us to understand that, we first need to understand as what is the perfect witness.

We will do that in the next video.

In next video, we would talk about one more aspect related to this same example.

---

You see, knowledge is NOT as obvious as it seems to be.

---

---

In next video, we will understand as what is the perfect witness, based on which we would be able to claim knowledge ?

---

---
