---
title: "[A5]-[5]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube PC9Nh8EOObI >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding as what is the perfect witness, based on which we would be able to claim knowledge ?

In this video, we will try to dig into understanding as, what is absolute knowledge ?

---

---

Till you reach knowledge, the only knowledge that you can have is, knowledge of ignorance.

Till then you cannot claim knowledge without addressing the ignorance involved in it.

---

In previous video, we saw how our witness is imperfect, and how imperfect witness cannot be the sole basis to claim knowledge of prediction of future manifestation.

We saw how knowledge is not as obvious as it seems to be.

This is about the possibilities that we have wittnessed, but what about those possibilities which we did not have witnessed, AT ALL ?

---

In previous video, we also saw that, for you to claim knowledge based on the past witness, you first need to precisely understand the condition itself, the condition under which that manifestation took place. Only then shall you be able to claim that, under certain precise conditions, a certain manifestation takes place.

-----------

And for you to define a condition related to a certain manifestation, you need to know ALL the possible factors involved in that phenomenon.

Without that, you CANNOT define a certain condition.

It is NOT possible to do so.

---

Absolute knowledge is absolute knowing, which is, when there is no ignorance involved in your knowing of something.

But, as of now, we do not know what we do not know. So there IS a huge amount of ignorance involved in our knowledge.

---

As we have seen in earlier videos of this sub-section A5 ,knowledge is not as obvious as it seems to be.

Unless and untill we explore and know ALL the possibilities, we CANNOT claim knowledge, based on witness. The only thing that we can claim knowledge about, is the knowledge of ignorance.

Everything else can only be belief, not knowledge.

And if we take belief as knowledge, then that would be a superstition.

---

So the big question is, how much of the knowledge that you have as of now, is actually a knowledge, and how much of it is a superstition ?

How superstitious are you ?

How much of the knowledge that we, as a human species, have as of now, is actually a knowledge, and how much of it, is a superstition ?

---

So the big question is, can we even be able to figure out ALL the possibilities, under which we live; ALL the factors affecting the conditions that we exist in, about this materialistic reality. As it is needed for us to claim perfect witness in any knowing which is based on witness. And that witness in turn, is needed to claim knowledge.

---

So the big question is, is absolute knowledge even possible ?

---

But the bigger question is, is the ULITMATE absolute knowledge even possible ?

If no, then why no ?

If yes, then how ?

We WILL dig deep into these questions to try to find our answers, through the section C of this channel, which is the section of core philosophy of this channel.

---

Knowledge is NOT as obvious as it seems to be !

---

Note a point here. we are talking about the knowledge which is based on witness, but the question is, is there anything, any area of knowledge, which NOT based on witness, i.e. something which is BEYOND WITNESS ?

We shall dive into exploring exactly that, in next video.

---

---

In next video, we will dive into exploring as, is there something, some area of knowledge, which is BEYOND witness ? If yes, than what IS it ?

---

---
