---
title: "[A5]-[4]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube ueOOPNBRtSk >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig more deep into understanding as what exactly is knowledge ? To be precise, into the claim of knowledge.

In this video, we will understand as what is the perfect witness, based on which we would be able to claim knowledge ?

---

---

Let us again look at the example which we considered in previous video.

Suppose that someone is standing on edge of the mountain top with a ball in his hand.

Now suppose that that person thinks of leaving that ball from the edge.

If that person is not a knowledgeable being, like us ofcourse, then that person must not be knowing as what will happen to that ball, in that case, that person is ignorant about the possibilities.

But that person does has a good quality as we do have, i.e. curiosity.

So, that person tries to make a guess, as what would happen. He tries to figure out the possibilities. He remembers that earlier he had seen the ball falling on the ground, so of all the possibilities he considers the possibility of that ball falling in downward direction, from the edge, as the possibility which is more probable to happen.

But here, that person is considering that possibility as a probability and not as something he knows. So here that person is believing in that possibility. Though that belief might be extremely strong, but still, it is a belief.

How foolish is that ! That person had seen earlier that the ball falls in downward direction when left from a certain height, but still that person is not taking that as knowledge. Ain’t that dumb ? Hmmm.

But is it really foolish or does it appears foolish but has genuine logic behind it ?

---

Based on this example, in previous video, we saw as how you cannot claim the prediction of future manifestation, as knowledge, based on the witness of the past manifestation.

BUT, in that case the witness that we were talking about was imperfect witness.

If the witness is perfect, we WOULD be able to claim knowledge of the future manifestation, based on the witness of the past manifestation.

But for us to understand that, we first need to understand as what is the perfect witness.

---

First of all, what do you witness about a manifestation ?

You witness the manifestation of that something, under certain conditions.

So for you to claim knowledge based on the past witness, you first need to precisely understand the condition itself, the condition under which that manifestation took place. Only then shall you be able to claim that, under certain precise conditions, a certain manifestation takes place.

Change the conditions, and the manifestation might completely change.

And for you to define a condition related to a certain manifestation, you need to know ALL the possible factors involved in that phenomenon.

Without that, you CANNOT define a certain condition.

It is NOT possible to do so.

---

And here you don’t even know ALL the factors involved in this phenomenon.

I am not talking about only the known factors. I am also talking about the unknown factors.

So even in your witness, there is a huge amount of ignorance involved.

---

So you see, you cannot even define the situation here, as you don’t know ALL the possible factors involved in this phenomenon.

Or do you think that you do have absolute knowledge of the conditions that you exist in, about this materialistic reality ?

No, you don’t !

---

So you see, to claim knowledge of anything, you need to have explored ALL possible factors affecting that phenomenon.

---

So now you tell me, in this example, if that person would leave that ball from the mountain edge, what would happen ?

And if without the knowledge of ALL the possible factors affecting this phenomenon, if you would say that the ball will fall down, then that is superstition.

Or do you think that you know ALL the possible factors involved here ? But that is possible only when you have explored ALL the possible factors.

And as we have seen in earlier sub-section A1, that, the science as of now is far far away from being complete. We even don’t know, what we don’t know.

And here you are claiming that you do know ALL the possible factors involved in this phenomenon, of the example that we considered here.

The only thing that you can claim here is, belief. And if you take belief as knowledge, it would be a superstition.

---

Knowledge is NOT as obvious as it seems to be.

---

---

In next video, we will try to dig into understanding as, what is absolute knowledge ?

---

---
