---
title: "[O3]-[3]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube HacXtQsC6fY >}}
```

---

In the content of this channel, when I say the term, ‘ULTIMATE TRUTH’, what do I mean by that term ?

But why do I use the term ‘ULTIMATE TRUTH’, instead of just calling it as ‘TRUTH’ ?

That means, I am differentiating between both the terms.

So in that case, what is the difference between ‘TRUTH’ and ‘ULTIMATE TRUTH’ ?

---

To understand these things, let us take an example here.

Suppose that we create an illusion of something A and something B, but NOT of something C.

So the illusion of A and B does exists, i.e. A and B does exists as an illusion.

And C does not exists. So that is the condition of our example. In this case, when someone claims that A does not exists or is not real and C does exists or is real, then that someone is wrong in saying so. As we know that, that is not the truth.

The truth would be that A does exists and is real, and that C does not exists and is not real.

When someone claim that C does not exist, but B does exist, then that someone is right in saying so. As we know that, that is the truth.

But even if A & B does exist, remember that they are still an illusion.

So the reality is that, neither A nor B nor C exists, A and B appears to exist but are an illusion, so at its core they both does not exists, and C does not exists even as an illusion.

So in this case, whatever the illusion might be, the ultimate reality is that none of the three, A,  B and C, exists. And that is the ultimate truth, in this case.

So you see the difference between, the truth and the ultimate truth, in this example ?

A and B does exist, that is the truth, but the ultimate truth is that, there existence is an illusion. So even if the truth is that A and B does exist, the ultimate truth is that, A and B does not exist.

So that was the ultimate truth of this example.

---

But is there a possibility, that whatever we perceive as truth of our existence, is it possible that there might be some greater truth to our existence ? The truth which is beyond what we consider as the truth. THE ULTIMATE
TRUTH of our existence.

If yes, then the big question is,

WHAT IS IT ?

The truth that we consider as truth, is it closer to the ultimate truth, or is it far away from it ?

But, the bigger question is, can we even reach THAT, the ultimate truth ?

How will we know that, unless and until we dive deep into exploring it ?

And we, do the same on this channel.

Where we explore THE ULTIMATE TRUTH of our existence, like never before.

To the deepest depth possible.

And a disclaimer before we finish this video. I have used the example of illusion here, but I am NOT claiming that we are an illusion, surely we are not. It is NOT possible.

---

---
