---
title: "[O3]-[4]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube C27WM8tzPSg >}}
```

---

In the content of this channel, whenever I use the term, ‘materialistic existence’, what do I mean by that ?

Let us see.

So why do I call it as ‘materialistic existence’, and not simply as ‘existence’ ?

I would had called it simply as ‘existence’, if I would had been complete sure that matter is EVERYTHING, and there is nothing beyond matter. We do exist because matter exists, as this whole materialistic existence is made up of matter.

But that is not the case here. I am very sure that matter is not all that there is to who we are. We are not mere FLESH.

And the fact that I am calling it as materialistic existence, there itself I am differentiating it from existence. Yes I am. I am differentiating, not separating. I am not separating materialistic existence from existence.

I mean that, materialistic existence is a part of existence, a subset of existence.

Which means that, I mean there is something to us, to our existence, which IS beyond just this materialistic existence.

And the fact is,

If you believe in GOD, you do believe in the existence being beyond just this materialistic existence.

If you believe in religion, you do believe in the existence being beyond just this materialistic existence.

If you believe in soul, you do believe in the existence being beyond just this materialistic existence.

If you want to be remembered, even beyond your death, you do believe in the existence being beyond just this materialistic existence.

If you desire to leave a legacy, you do believe in the existence being beyond just this materialistic existence.

If you want to get satisfaction from life, you do believe in the existence being beyond just this materialistic existence.

On surface level, you might deny it to others as well as yourself, but in all these cases, and even many other cases, you DO believe in the existence being beyond just this materialistic existence. May be or may be not on the surface level, but deep somewhere in your subconscious, this belief has its own established place.

HOW ?

Well, we are going to explore it through the content of this channel. So things WILL become more and more clear, as we proceed thorough our content.

And if you consider yourself as an atheist or someone who is KNOWS that matter is ALL that there is to us, well let us talk after you are done with the content of this channel, not before that, as may be there won’t be any need for debate after that, may be you might change your mind. Then it would be saving of your precious time and energies, as well as mine.

---

---
