---
title: "[A4]-[6]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube Msl2fTanE1s >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding the importance of vision.

In this video, we will dive into understanding as what is positivity and what is negativity ?

---

---

We tend to talk about positivity and negativity, but what actually is positivity and negativity.

Positivity and negativity are related to one thing, making CHOICE.

And as we have seen in earlier video of this sub-section A4, the nature of choice is of three types: positive, negative & neutral.

And based on that, we can define positivity and negativity in a very simple way.

Making choices that are positive, is positivity.

Making choices that are negative, is negativity.

But to make positive choices, first you need to have knowledge of the existence of that positive choice. Then you need to have clarity of vision related to that choice.

---

Positivity is based on the knowledge, clarity & vision.

And for that to be achieved, you NEED to explore possibilities.

You see, exploring possibilities, is a vital part of positivity.

---

For ultimate positivity, you need to have ultimate knowledge, ultimate clarity and ultimate vision.

And when you don’t have that, in that case, chasing the ultimate knowledge, ultimate clarity and ultimate vision, and
being ready to devote your entire being towards it, IS the greatest of ALL the positivity.

---

Exploring the ultimate truth, demands extreme courage. Ulitmate positivity demands extreme courage. It is not a thing of a faint hearted.

To make the positive choices, is not always an easy thing to do.

Many a times, it does demand courage to do so.

Making a choice which is a big negativity on a smaller time frame, but positivity on a larger time frame, which eventually would be a positivity; making such choices does demand courage.

There are times when positivity does demand extreme courage.

Positivity cannot be establishes based on weakness.

Positivity is not a thing of a faint hearted.

---

Positivity is about making positive choices. And making positive choices everytime, needs discipline and devotion.

Positivity demands discipline and devotion.

---

AND remember, justice IS above ALL & EVERYTHING, and that is the ultimate truth.

For anything to be a positivity, it HAS to fit into justice, or else, no matter what it is, it IS ultimately, a negativity.

I just mentioned a point here, that, when you don’t have the ultimate knowledge, ultimate clarity and ultimate vision, IN THAT CASE, chasing it and being ready to devote your entire being towards it, so that the light of ultimate knowledge,clarity and vision, would make the darkness of ignorance vanish, IS the greatest of ALL the positivity.

But what if you have the ultimate knowledge, ultimate clarity and ultimate vision, in that case what ? In that case, what is the ultimate positivity ?

Well, in that case, i.e. ulitmately, Justice is the greatest of ALL the positivity.

Devoting yourself towards justice for ALL the souls, of ALL times, IS the greatest of ALL the positivity.

HOW ?

But one more question, what if justice IS established, in that case what ?

Well we ARE going to explore that in the section of the CORE PHILOSOPHY, of this channel.

---

---

So with this video, we are done with the sub-section A4, if I don’t happen to upload, in future, any new video related to this sub-section A4.
To check that, follow the sequence of nomenclature, not the sequence of upload.

This sub-section, was about understanding the importance of choice, importance of knowledge, clarity and vision, and also about positivity and negativity, and much more.

In this sub-section A4, we also did dig more into understanding the importance of exploring the possibilities.

In the next sub-section A5, we will take this exploration of possibilities to even more depth.

---

---
