---
title: "[A4]-[5]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube tyrincEGvWA >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding the importance of clarity.

In this video, we will dive into understanding the importance of vision.

Why is vision SO important ?

---

---

In previous videos of this sub-section A4, we saw that, It is the choice that we make, determines what we make
of our life.

It is our choices that determines if we would make something, big or small whatever, or if we would end up with nothing or something negative.

And also that, at every point in your life, at every moment in your life, you DO have choice.

We also saw how important it is to have knowledge of ALL the possible choices you have at your disposal.

And also it is important to have clarity related to those choices.

But remember, we saw in one of the earlier videos of this sub-section A4, that, the main reference to figure out if the choice is positive, negative or neutral, IS the time frame.

This is the base reference, all other references comes after this.

While figuring out if the choice is positive, negative or neutral, it is extremely critical to consider the factor of the time frame.

Suppose that you have knowledge of ALL the possible choices at your disposal, and also have clarity related to those choices.

But the big question is, what is the time frame that you have considered to figure out these things ?

As we have seen in the earlier video of this sub-section A4 , the greater the time frame to figure out if the choice is negative, positive and neutral, the better it is.

A choice that is negative, positive and neutral on the ultimate time frame, is the REAL negative, positive and neutral choice, respectively.

---

In those earlier videos, we also saw that, knowledge and clarity are powerful tools to raise your pleasure potential. But how would you maintain that raised pleasure potential, unless and until you raise the pleasure potential wrt the greater time frame ?

For that you need to have vision.

Achieving the highest pleasure potential, is not possible without knowledge, clarity and vision, together.

---

The time frame that you operate on while seeking clarity, IS the vision that you have.

If the time frame in consideration, is the ultimate time frame, then the vision based on that time frame, IS the ultimate vision.

The question is, what is the ultimate time frame ? Because the clarity based on that, will be the clarity of THE ULTIMATE TRUTH.

The ultimate truth of our existence.

---

---

In next video, we will dig into understanding as what is positivity and what is negativity ?

---

---
