---
title: "[A4]-[2]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube hzDbKegyzjY >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding the importance of the choice.

In this video, we will dig more into understanding the choice. We will explore the nature of the choice.

---

---

As we have seen in earlier video,

At every point in your life, at every moment in your life, you DO have choice. Not making a choice, is also a choice.

You cannot escape choice. It is simply not possible, AT ALL.

The thing here is, if you will not know the possibilities, you will not know the existence of choice.

Now that we understand these things about choice, let us dive even more deeper into understanding the nature of choice.

---

Now let us divide choices into 3 categories → positive, negative & neutral

If the choice has a positive or beneficial effect on our future, then that choice is → a positive choice.

If the choice has a negative or degradable effect on our future, then that choice is → a negative choice.

If the choice has no negative or positive effect on our future, then that choice is → neutral.

---

When we talk about choice being positive and negative, but what is the base factor which is being affected, which is determining the nature of choice ?

It is the conditions.

But nothing can be positive or negative, on its own. Nothing can be beneficial or degradable, on its own. Nothing can be better or worst on its own.

All that exists through the existence of comparison. Comparison of what ?

Comparison of the conditions..

Conditions are not good or bad, better or worst on there own, but in comparison.

Which conditions do we compare ?

Every choice that we make, has an effect on our future.

We compare the current condition with the future condition.
With which we do find the choices which are positive and the choices which are negative, and also the choices that are neutral.

Then to find the best choice amongst the positive choices that we found, we compare the positive choices with each another.

Then to find the ultimate best choice, we consider various time frames.

So let us take a look at them, one by one.

---

Every choice that we make, has an effect on our future.

First, we compare the current condition with the future condition. With which we do find the choices which are positive and the choices which are negative, and also the choices that are neutral.

So, If the choice that you make, is going to have positive effect on future, i.e. if it is going to make future conditions better than the current conditions, then that choice is a positive choice.

If the choice that you make, is going to have negative effect on future, i.e. if it is going to make future conditions worst than the current conditions, then that choice is a negative choice.

If the choice that you make, is neither going to have positive neither negative effect on future, i.e. it is going to make future conditions neither better nor worst than the current conditions, then that choice is neutral.

But what if all the choices are negative, or all the choices are positive, or mix of both ?

Then what ?

We will see that in the next point.

---

Conditions are not good or bad, better or worst on there own, but in comparison.

Choices are not positive or negative on there own, but in comparison.

Lesser positive is a negative wrt greater positive.

Suppose that you have 2 choices, choice A & choice B. And both the choices are positive wrt other choices. But suppose that choice A has more positive effect on the future conditions than the choice B. So in that case, choice B, though it being a positive choice, it is a negative choice when compared to choice A.

Have you heard the saying, ‘pick your poison’, we will talk about that now.

Lesser negative is a positive wrt greater negative.

Suppose that you have only 2 choices, choice X & choice Y. And both the choices have negative effect on the future condition, so let us suppose them as negative choices.

But suppose that choice X has lesser negative effect on the future conditions than the choice Y. So in that case, choice X, though it being a negative choice, it is a positive choice when compared to choice Y.

So here is a thing now,

Wrt the positive choice of the highest potential, every other positive choice of lesser potential, is a negative choice.

Wrt to the choice which has the most beneficial effect on the future conditioning, all other choices are negative.

---

NOW, the next and the most important point here.

The main reference to figure out if the choice is positive, negative or neutral, IS the time frame.

This is the base reference, all other references comes after this.

While figuring out if the choice is positive, negative or neutral, it is extremely critical to consider the factor of the time frame.

Which categorizing the choice as positive, negative and neutral, we have done it based on future conditioning. But which future conditioning, near future or future which is far away ?

So you see, now we are talking wrt time frame.

A choice being negative, positive and neutral, that can vary depending upon the time frame that you consider.

Whatever time frame that you are functioning on, beyond that time frame, what effect does the choice that you make, have, on the future beyond that time frame, decides if that choice is negative, positive or neutral.

So you see, here we are considering the time frame which is larger than the time frame that you are functioning on.

As the time frame changes, it is very possible that the nature of the same choice WILL change.

A choice which is negative wrt the smaller time frame might be positive wrt the larger time frame. And vice versa.

A choice which is positive on a smaller time frame, which turns out to be negative on a larger time frame, is ultimately a choice which is negative.

And you definitely won’t want that once you are out of functioning on that smaller time frame.

A choice which is negative on a smaller time frame, which turns out to be positive on a larger time frame, is ultimately a choice which is positive.

And ultimately, once you are out of functioning on that smaller time frame, you would want to choose this choice which is positive on a larger time frame, even though it is negative on smaller time frame.

So, Greater the time frame to figure out if the choice is negative, positive and neutral, the better it is.

And here is a thing.

A choice that is negative, positive and neutral on the ultimate time frame, is the REAL negative, positive and neutral choice, respectively.

How ?

Why am I saying that greater the time frame to figure out the nature of the choice, the better it is ?

To understand it, we need to understand the nature of the desire. What is the nature of pleasure that we are chasing ultimately.

And we will keep that pending for the section of core philosophy, which is Section C of this channel.

For now, let us come back on our topic.

And as far as a soul is concerned, the ultimate time frame is the complete time frame of a souls journey, to figure out the nature of choice for that soul.

And when our planet is in consideration, the ultimate time frame is the complete time frame of existence of our planet, and not the time frame in which we are alive.

---

The question is, what If we make choices ALL of which are positive and that too of the highest potential in each and every aspect for each and every soul, and out of freewill of all souls ?

What would happen in that case ? Will anyone even think of any other heaven ?

Well, in that case, being at this miserable conditioning that we are in now, you cannot even imagine how high all
souls would raise in achieving there highest of pleasure potentials. You have no knowledge about that, as of now.

In front of that pleasure potential, your current pleasures, no matter how humongous they might appear to be now, those current pleasures would appear to be pain, if not extreme pain.

---

And remember, You cannot escape choice.

If you will not know the possibilities, you will not know the existence of the choices that you have at your disposal.

So, explore !!

---

---

In next video, we will dive into understanding the importance of knowledge.

Why is knowledge SO important ?

---

---
