---
title: "[A4]-[1]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube UBfyy9CiEp8 >}}
```

---

---

So with this video, we would be staring with the new sub-section A4.

In this video, we would dig into the main thing which is responsible to make or break our life, and
that one thing is ‘CHOICE’.

---

---

As we have seen in earlier videos, we dive deep to gain insights on each and every aspect of our life.

But what will we do with these insights ? What will these enquiries help us with ?

The answer is, CHOICE !

To gain something, you have to loose something. You cannot gain something if you do not want to loose anything. Gain and loss, co-exists.

But what is it that you gain, and what is it that you loose ? That is the important question.

What you gain and what you loose, depends on what you choose.

There are times when gain and loss are reversible, atleast partially, if not completely.

But there are also times, when gain and loss are completely irreversible.

It is the choice that we make, determines what we make of our life. It is our choices that determines if we would make something, big or small whatever, or if we would end up with nothing or something negative.

---

At every point in your life, at every moment in your life, you DO have choice.

If you find yourself into miseries, remember, it was your choice.

Not making a choice, is also a choice. It is accepting whatever possibility that manifests, as your choice.

---

Whenever there are multiple possibilities, there IS a choice, choice of which possibility to manifest, the possibilities
which are under your control.

----------------------

You need to explore possibilities, to explore as to what choices do you have.

But to be aware of the existence of all the choices available to you, you need to explore ALL the possibilities. If you are lazy or not interested in exploring the possibilities, you are making a choice to not to explore your true potential.

What if you did had a way better choice at your disposal, but you didn’t knew it existed ?

Everything is about the chase of pleasure.

Knowledge of choices at your disposable, is powerful tool to raise your pleasure potential.

----------------------

Have you ever explored the possible choices that you have ?

Have we humans ever explored ALL the possible choices that we have at our disposal, to choose from ?

Are we even aware of ALL the possibilities that are possible ? If not, the how would we be aware of the possible choices that we have ? We CANNOT be.

---

And remember one thing, your choice is completely your responsibility.

---

But to make the right choices all the times is not a thing of any faint heart. Many a times it certainly demands extreme courage and patience.

---

You cannot escape choice. It is simply not possible, AT ALL.

Even if you don’t choose, you are choosing not to choose.

---

So the choice that you make, is it of the highest potential ?

What if we make all the right choices and that too of highest potential ?

What if we ALL humans, make choices which are of the highest pleasure potential, for all souls ?

---

There are times when we feel that we have no choice. But, even when you feel that you have no choice, you do have a choice.

The thing here is, if you will not know the possibilities, you will not know the existence of choice.

So, Explore !!

---

---

In next video, we will dig more into understanding the choice. We will explore the nature of the choice.

---

---
