---
title: "[A4]-[3]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube sh_svn9XvJU >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into exploring the nature of CHOICE.

In this video, we will dive into understanding the importance of knowledge.

Why is knowledge SO important ?

---

---

Importance of knowledge is associated with CHOICE.

In previous videos of this sub-section A4, we saw that, It is the choice that we make, determines what we make
of our life.

It is our choices that determines if we would make something, big or small whatever, or if we would end up with nothing or something negative.

And also that, at every point in your life, at every moment in your life, you DO have choice.

Let us suppose that you know the choices that you have at your disposal.

But are those choices, the only choices that you can choose from, or are there more possible choices that you have no knowledge about ?

If there are more possible choices, then what if those choices are of greater potential than the possible choices that you know ?

You see, to make the right choices, you need to have KNOWLEDGE.

AND, Knowledge has importance, because it helps us in one thing, i.e. CHOICE.

To have the knowledge of existence of ALL the choices that you have at your disposal, you need to have knowledge of ALL the related possibilities that exists.

The thing here is, if you will not know the possibilities, you will not know the existence of choice.

There is one more question related to the knowledge of choices.

Whatever choices that you know you have, how will you know which of them are actual choices and which are the choices that appear to be the choice but actually are an illusion of choice ?

---

Knowledge is power.

Knowledge is powerful tool to raise your pleasure potential.

Suppose that you have some misery, some pain of may be any kind; and there is a solution to that misery, pain. That solution might be hard or might be very simple, but hey, to benefit from that solution, you need to have knowledge of that solution, only then shall you be able to access that solution. Without knowledge, the only choice you have at your disposal is, to suffer !

-------------------

Do you think that there might be a probability that some of the possibilities which you may not be aware of there existence, might actually exist ? The unexplored & unknown possibilities.

Or do you think that all the possibilities are already explored & known to mankind ?

-------------------

---

Exploring possibilities is a vital part of knowledge.

For you to safeguard yourself from misery, you need to have knowledge of the existence of that misery.

How will you know that unless you explore the possibilities ?

Because, if misery is the only possibility that you know, then you will not even know that it is a misery.

And as we have seen in the previous video, lesser positive is a negative wrt the greater positive.

So even if something is not a misery yet, but when a greater positive choice would be revealed to you, then this lesser positive choice would start to appear as a misery in front of that greater positive choice.

So how will you know the existence of misery unless you explore the possibilities ?

And without exploring ALL the possibilities, if you think that you know everything.

Well, knowledge is NOT as obvious as it seems to be.

We will explore this in more depth, in the next sub-section A5.

Exploring possibilities, IS a vital path of seeking knowledge.

Not exploring possibilities, IS embracing ignorance.

And if you think that ‘ignorance is bliss’. Ya sure, it is a bliss, untill you get hit hard by the truth.

---

What if we already had the absolute knowledge of all the solutions to all the miseries and pain that exists ?

If we would had that, we would had been able to convert our world in a heaven, instead of making it more and more of a hell, with our lack of knowledge.

Exploration of ALL the possibilities, demands courage. Exploration of the knowledge of the ultimate truth of our existence, demands extreme courage.

And remember, justice is above all & everything. Justice IS above the exploration of possibilities.

---

Here we have touched the topic of importance of knowledge, but we are yet to explore the topic of ‘what is knowledge ?’

We will explore this question pending for the next sub-section A5.

---

---

In next video, we will dive into understanding the importance of clarity.

Why is clarity SO important ?

---

---
