---
title: "[A4]-[4]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube _EX-FMonKq4 >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding the importance of knowledge.

In this video, we will dive into understanding the importance of clarity.

Why is clarity SO important ?

---

---

In previous videos of this sub-section A4, we saw that, It is the choice that we make, determines what we make
of our life.

It is our choices that determines if we would make something, big or small whatever, or if we would end up with nothing or something negative.

And also that, at every point in your life, at every moment in your life, you DO have choice.

In previous video, we saw how important it is to have knowledge of ALL the possible choices you have at your disposal.

Suppose that, even if you had that knowledge of ALL the possible choices at your disposal, but the questions are.

Which of those choices are positive choices, and which are negative choices ?

Which choices just appears to be positive but are actually negative choices ? Which choices are actually positive
choices ?

And whatever positive choice you have made, is that choice, a choice of highest potential, or is there a possibility of some other choice being of far greater potential than this ?

Is the possibility that you consider of the greater potential, is it really of greater potential, or does it just appears to be of greater potential ?

And if your choice is based on the choice of others, then the fact remains, the choice which is positive for someone else, might be negative for you, and vice versa.

Blindly following choices of others is a very bad idea.

You see, to make the right choices, along with KNOWLEDGE, we also need to have CLARITY related to those choices.

In previous video, we saw that, Knowledge has importance, because it helps us in one thing, i.e. CHOICE.

CLARITY has importance, because it helps us in one thing, i.e. CHOICE.

---

What if we made all the choices of greatest of positive potential ?

But to make such choices, you need to have clarity as which choice is actually of the greatest positive potential.

Clarity keeps you safe from complexities, and if you get stuck into complexities, then clarity resolves the complexities by making them simple.

In previous video, we saw that knowledge is powerful tool to raise your pleasure potential.

Along with knowledge, clarity is a powerful tool to raise your pleasure potential.

---

Clarity cannot be developed based on weakness, but strength. Clarity developed based on weakness is not clarity, but an illusion of clarity.

Ultimate clarity cannot be developed based on weakness, but ultimate strength. Any clarity that is based on weakness, is not ultimate clarity, but an illusion of ultimate clarity.

Clarity about the ultimate truth, IS the ultimate clarity.

And to develop clarity of the ultimate truth, you HAVE to keep your convenience completely away, and explore the ultimate truth, AS IT IS, RAW.

And that my friend, needs extreme courage.

Clarity about the ultimate truth can be developed, only based on strength.

Highest pleasure potential cannot be achieved without the clarity of the ultimate truth.

Highest of the pleasure potential cannot be achieved, based on weakness.

---

Remember, justice is above ALL & EVERYTHING. Justice is above choice.

Any choice which is positive for you, but it is an injustice on someone else, IS a negative choice.

Any choice which is a positive choice for you, and it fits into justice, then that choice is a positive choice.

---

We will dig more into understanding the clarity, in further videos of this channel.

---

---

In next video, we will dive into understanding the importance of vision.

Why is vision SO important ?

---

---
