---
title: "[A6]-[1]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube EvHpHH9FnnM >}}
```

---

---

So with this video, we will start with the new sub-section, A6.

Previous sub-section A5, was about precisely understanding as what is knowledge, ignorance, belief and superstition.

In this sub-section A6, we will explore the journey from ignorance to knowledge.

---

---

Whatever you think you are is based on your belief system and your knowledge. You function based on that.

But hey how sure are you about that ? Are you sure that your knowledge is actually knowledge, and not a superstition ?

But as we have seen through the videos of earlier sub-section A5, knowledge is NOT as obvious as it seems to be.

Are you sure that your belief system is not unshakable ? Or is it ?

How can you know that unless and until you dig into it by rigorously questioning it, with an completely open mind ?

---

OK so, what is that one thing that has capability to shaken your knowledge system, if at all that knowledge is not absolute knowledge ?

What is that one thing that can shaken the very base of your belief system ?

In earlier sub-section A1 , we saw that, if your philosophy changes, at its very core, you as a whole change. Then what is it that has capability to shaken your philosophy completely and thus change your complete being ?

What is it that has capability to shaken and change your complete perception towards life, and also everything ?

What is that one thing that can shaken your base completely and expose any weakness in its foundations ? It is only one thing that can do so, what IS it ?

To explore the possibilities, you need this one thing.

In the chase for knowledge, this thing is your biggest ally. Without it, you can never reach knowledge.

What IS it ?

It is → <u><b>DOUBT</b></u>.

---

---

In this video, we did dig into understanding the importance of doubt.

In next video, we will dive into understanding the importance of curiosity.

---

---
