---
title: "[A6]-[5]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube Y5s00sAiIps >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into finding the answer to the question that, if superstition matches knowledge, then why to worry ?

In this video, we will dive into understanding as what is it that has capability to completely block you from knowledge ?

---

---

Through earlier videos, we have seen how knowledge is not as obvious as it seems to be.

We also precisely defined as what is knowledge, superstition, belief and ignorance.

In this video we would consider various scenarios related to ignorance, belief, superstition and knowledge.

For that we will consider the factors as curiosity and attachment to superstition.

---

First of all, if superstition is aligned with knowledge, then as the superstition is aligned with the knowledge, so to a good extent you are immune from getting hit hard by the truth.

But even though the superstition is aligned with the knowledge, but still it is a superstition, so you would remain vulnerable, as that superstition can be taken away from knowledge.

But if the superstition is not aligned with knowledge, then as the superstition is not aligned with the knowledge, so to a good extent you are vulnerable to get hit hard by the truth.

---

Let us take first scenario.

Suppose that you have superstition but you do not have the attachment to it.

So in this case, if you have curiosity, then you would eventually work towards converting that superstition into knowledge, as there is no attachment to that superstition.

So, this is a very good situation, though having superstition is not good. But still there are high chances that you would eventually get rid of that superstition.

But in this case, if you do not have curiosity, in that scenario, you would never try to convert the superstition into knowledge.

And, as there is lack of curiosity, you would not even care to find out as what is knowledge is. You would not even know if what you have, is actually a superstition but not knowledge.

Although this is not the worst situation, but still this is neither a good situation.

But as there is not attachment to the superstition, so the hope for knowledge is still there, but that hope is speculative, due to lack of curiosity.

---

Now, let us take next scenario.

Suppose that you have superstition but you also have the attachment to it.

So, in this case, even if you have curiosity, but that curiosity is critically limited as you are attached to the superstition. So in this kind of situation, even curiosity would not be able to convert superstition into knowledge.

This kind of situation surely is a very bad situation, as the attachment to superstition is involved. But still, even though the hope involved is very little, but still this situation is not the worst situation, as the curiosity does exists. Even though very little, the hope of eventually get rid of that superstition, still does exists.

But in this case, if you do not have curiosity, in that scenario, you would never try to convert the superstition into knowledge.

And, you would not even care to find out as what knowledge is. You would not even know if what you have is actually a superstition but not knowledge.

And as you are attached to the superstition, so even if some one tries to break that superstition, the efforts would be futile, as there is attachment involved as well as there is no curiosity. And that is a deadly combination to stay established in the superstition. It is almost a completely hopeless situation. I am saying almost, because, only knowledge is the thing which is unshakable, not superstition.

Among the situations which we are talking about here, this is the worst possible situations.

Lack of curiosity and attachment to superstition, the combination of these two, is deadly. This will block you form knowledge.

---

Stubborn belief or superstition, i.e. belief or superstition with extreme attachment; and ignorance without curiosity; is the path towards extreme darkness and misery. There is no hope of raising your pleasure potential in this kind of situation.

---

To escape superstition, the two tool are curiosity and attachment to only knowledge.

In the pursuit of knowledge, and which eventually is the pursuit of raising your pleasure to the highest of its potential, the only thing that you should be attached to is, knowledge; not superstition, neither belief.

---

---

So with this video, we are done with the sub-section A6, if I don’t happen to upload, in future, any new video related to this sub-section A6. To check that, follow the sequence of nomenclature, not the sequence of upload.

This sub-section, was about exploring the journey from ignorance to knowledge.

In the next sub-section A7, we will dive into understanding the phenomenon of perception.

---

---
