---
title: "[A6]-[4]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube pQIC8SoQC-E >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dive into exploring the journey from ignorance to knowledge.

In this video, we will dive into finding the answer to the question that, if superstition matches knowledge, then why to worry ?

---

---

Through previous videos of this sub-section A6, as well as previous sub-section A5 , we have defined as what is knowledge, ignorance, belief and superstition. We talked on the journey from ignorance towards knowledge.

We also saw that superstition is the thing which is blocking you from the knowledge.

But the question here is, IF the belief that we have, if it is aligned with the knowledge, then why should we care to achieve knowledge ?

And if we consider that belief as knowledge, then it would be a superstition. But if that superstition does match knowledge, then what is the worry here ?

Good question !

And the answer is, ‘because of doubt’.

As we have seen in previous videos of this sub-section A6, doubt has capability to shaken your knowledge system, if at all that knowledge is not absolute knowledge.

We also saw that, doubt converts superstition into belief.

So even if the belief or superstition is aligned with the knowledge, but still, its very foundations are shakable, with doubt.

And it can be taken away from knowledge.

---

Doubt has capability to take you closer to the knowledge, but it also has capability to take you away from the knowledge.

That is why, it is extremely critical to walk the journey from ignorance towards knowledge.

---

Knowledge is unshakable.

We will talk more on this, through further videos of this section A.

---

---

In next video, we will dig into understanding as what is it that has capability to completely block syou from knowledge ?

---

---
