---
title: "[A6]-[3]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube FnCeVpSBsbQ >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding the importance of curiosity.

In this video, we will dive into exploring the journey from ignorance to knowledge.

---

---

Through the earlier videos of previous sub-section A5, we have seen how knowledge is not as obvious as it seems to be.

But how do we seek knowledge, what is the road map to knowledge ? We will talk about that in this video.

---

The journey towards knowledge, is the journey from ignorance to knowledge.

Knowledge and ignorance are the two extremes. And in between those extremes, exists superstition & belief.

Till the absolute knowledge is reached, the only knowledge that you can have is, the knowledge of ignorance.

So the first step towards knowledge is to have the knowledge of ignorance. Knowing what you don’t know, is a vital part of seeking knowledge.

Only when you know that you don’t know, shall you be able to seek to know. Only when you know what you don’t know, then only shall you be able to seek to know that what you don’t know.

This is the base of seeking the knowledge. The more stronger this base is, the more deeper would you be able to go into seeking knowledge.

You see, to achieve knowledge, it is SO important to seek the knowledge of what is it all that you don’t know.

If you would deny the ignorance involved, and would consider your incomplete understanding as complete and knowledge, then that won’t be a knowledge but a superstition.

Till the knowledge is reached, knowledge of ignorance IS the ONLY knowledge.

Anything else, taken as knowledge, is SUPERSTITION.

How superstition ? We had defined superstition in previous sub section A5. Please do watch, if you haven’t.

Till the knowledge is reached, you CANNOT claim knowledge about anything, without addressing the ignorance involved in it.

So here comes the role of doubt.

Doubt converts superstition into belief.

Doubt exposes the ignorance involved.

Superstition is the thing, which blocks you from knowledge.

And as we have seen in the previous video of this sub section A6, doubt is of no use without curiosity.

So to wake the journey from ignorance to knowledge, you need to have immense, un-ending, un-conditional curiosity.

---

So this is how we go on to the journey from ignorance towards knowledge.

But, the big question is, is THE ULTIMATE ABSOLUTE KNOWLEDGE, even possible to reach ?

If yes, then HOW ?

We WILL explore that through the core philosophy of this channel.

Section C is the section of core philosophy.

---

Even if doubt converts superstition into belief, but if there is no desire for knowledge, how will you walk the journey from ignorance towards knowledge ?

---

---

In next video, we will dive into finding the answer to the question that, if superstition matches knowledge, then why to worry ?

---

---
