---
title: "[A6]-[2]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube HiPt8GROasA >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding the importance of doubt.

In this video, we will dive into understanding the importance of curiosity.

---

---

Ok so in last video, we saw that doubt is that one thing which has capability to completely shaken your knowledge system, your belief system.

But what after that ? Or is just shaking your knowledge or belief system enough, and nothing else is needed ?

But if older system is broken down, it has to be replaced by new system, right ? And you better have a better new system instead of more worse system than the older system.

So what is it that is needed in order to have a new better system of knowledge & belief ?

It is CURIOSITY !

---

But what is the use of doubt, without curiosity ?

Without curiosity, doubt may do more harm than benefit.

---

Curiosity is desire to remove the doubt from its roots.

Without curiosity, doubt looses it potential.

What is the use of the existence of doubt, without the existence of the desire to remove that doubt from its roots ?

Curiosity is the fuel to take the journey from ignorance to knowledge.

Without curiosity, we CANNOT reach the knowledge.

---

Curiosity is the thing that will take you to the deepest depths of the thing which you are curious about.

Without curiosity, you cannot transform your being for better. Without curiosity, you remain stuck into your miseries.

As we had seen in earlier sub section A4 , that, to achieve out ultimate pleasure potential, we do need to seek ultimate knowledge, ultimate vision and ultimate clarity. And that CANNOT be achieved, without curiosity.

---

Curiosity for the ultimate truth of our existence, is the highest form of curiosity.

The more deeper you go in exploration of the ultimate truth, the higher you raise in achieving your ultimate pleasure potential.

But it has to be done with extreme caution and courage.

We ARE going to dive to the deepest depths of our existence through the content pf this channel. All you need to have while going through the content of this channel, is immense curiosity for the ultimate truth of our existence.

---

---

In next video, we will dive into exploring the journey from ignorance to knowledge.

---

---
