---
title: "[A2]-[5]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube louUW-Us85U >}}
```

---

---

In previous video we saw that, it is the best to start walking the path of spirituality, as early as possible.

In this video, we will talk more about choosing the path for spirituality.

---

---

How is it that you figure out what do you want in life ? What do you want from life ?

Do you look at others ? What they are upto in there lives, what they are chasing in life, does your decision depends on that analysis ?

You are looking at their path and selecting your path with reference to that. But hey, that’s the path, not the destination.

So the path they are walking, the destination to which it reaches, do you also want to reach that destination ? You have not thought about it ? Then what if you reach that destination and then you feel like, this is not at all
where you wanted to reach ?

And as we have seen in earlier video of this sub-section A2, journey cannot be the destination, path cannot be the destination.

And you are looking at someone’s path and deciding your path. So you are basically choosing the path not the destination.

As we have seen earlier, keep your destination fixed and path flexible. So it is always a good choice, to investigate the destination you want to reach, rather than focusing completely on the path. After you are done with investigating the destination you want to reach, then you can move ahead to figure out the possible paths. Then only shall you be moving in a certain direction. If your path is fixed and destination flexible, then you are direction-less.

And the one whom you are considering as the reference, how has that person or people selected that path ? By looking at others for reference ? Are they aware as what they want ?

And whatever destination they have reached or will reach, is that destination truly a beautiful place to be in ?

We tend to look at others to figure out the path that we want to walk.

But, the others whom you are considering as the reference, how did they selected there path ? How did they figured out their path ? Did they analyzed, or did they looked at others for reference ? Are they even aware as what they
want ? And what about that those others that they took as a reference ?

And finally, did they choose to walk the path or to reach the destination ?

You have no clue about this, or may be you understand this but are not sure, then my friend, think on this, because clarity of these things is critically important. Because that path, which you are selecting by looking at others, is your LIFE.

If you have yourself figured out your destination, and you are very clear about that. And you also have figured out the the path or possible paths that you can take, then my friend, you are on such a right track.

AWESOME !!

---

Never follow anybody’s path, because you might end up following the path of a person who himself might not be aware of the destination where the path takes. Or even if that person might be aware of the destination, but that destination might not be suitable for your soul. If you follow somebody else’s path then there is also a big chance that you might close all the doors for a better path.

And more than that, finding and walking your own path is the path of self-realization – which is the most important thing that matters.
YOU ARE UNIQUE, SO IS YOUR PATH.

Remember the fact that there is no defined path or paths to enlightenment. You are unique, so is your path to enlightenment. Don’t follow anybody else’s footsteps, find your own way, it might or might not coincide with many or anybody’s or nobody’s way.

Finally, even if our paths are unique, our ULTIMATE destination is the same.

Ultimate destination is the same for ALL, not the path.

How the destination is same, we will explore that, through the content of this channel.

---

It does not matter if your path is unique or not.. Your path may or may not be unique, that does not matter. What matters is, you have selected your path purely based on analysis of destination and analysis of possible paths, and not based on following anyone’s footsteps blindly.

Do not desire to be different, desire to walk the best path in the direction of your destination.

What if someone is walking the best path, and you want to be different ? Will you compromise on the path for the sake of being different ? No, you should not.

Walk your own path. If that path matches the path of others or anyone, that does not matter. It might match or might not match, but what matters is, walking your own path.

---

To walk the spiritual path, you need to be a rebel.

But, what do I mean by ‘being rebel’ ?

Being rebel, just for the sake of being rebel, is not rebel, it is satisfying own ego.

Being rebel is walking your own path, based on self-awareness. Whether that path matches the path of others or not, is not the focus, AT ALL. Focus is on walking your own path. THAT is being rebel.

To achieve inner growth of highest potential possible, you HAVE to be a rebel.

---

Everybody is unique, so is you and your spiritual path. Do not follow anybody else’s footsteps, make your own way, may it be like somebody else or nobody. The only master who can plot a right path for you is YOU.

And right and best path can be plotted, only after thorough analysis done out of ultimate clarity.

Enjoying path / journey is definitely very important. Healthy enjoyment, which fits into the justice, nourishes soul.

---

---

---

So what is next video about ?

So after we are done talking about how to choose the path for spirituality, in next video, we will dig more into understanding as to exactly how would we go about to achieve the purpose of spirituality.

---

---
