---
title: "[A2]-[6]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube B1drC_tH-ok >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding as how to choose the path for spirituality, in this video, we will dive more into understanding as to exactly how would we go about to achieve the purpose of spirituality.

---

---

We chase happiness

We want to make ourselves and our loved ones, secure from pain and crisis that might occur. So basically, we want to assure that we remain happy.

Spirituality is the same thing. Spirituality is not some different phenomenon.

---

Spirituality IS chase of happiness.

But, as soon as crisis take place, the happiness that we have gained, diminishes, if not vanished.

Then, how will we secure our happiness ?

How can you secure your happiness, without understanding the crisis that might occur ?

Investigating the crisis that might possibly occur, is a part of spirituality.

Only when you understand the crisis and its nature, then only shall you be able do something to secure yourself from them.

---

But securing our happiness, is one aspect of the purpose of spirituality, it is not the whole purpose in itself.

The purpose of spirituality, is achieving our highest potential to gain and secure happiness.

So we are into a game in which we chase happiness. But how can you win, without understanding the rules of the game that you are into.

Spirituality IS the act of understanding those rules.

---

So we understand that spirituality is about the chase of happiness. But first you need to understand the nature of happiness. You need to understand as exactly what happiness do you want. You need to understand, as from where can you gain the happiness that you want.

The happiness that you are chasing, is it really happiness or does it just appears to be happiness, is it an illusion of happiness.

You also need to understand the nature of pain. You need to understand pain, as much as you need to understand happiness, as only when you take care of pain, shall you be able to chase happiness.

But how do we achieve this purpose ?

We go deep into **each and every** aspect of our lives. Only then shall we be able to understand various aspects and how they function and how they affect us.

Then only shall we be able to first safeguard ourselves and others from it, and then move in the right direction towards pleasure.

For diving deep into each and every aspect of our lives, you need to question everything about each and every aspect of our lives.

Spirituality is about questioning and seeking the answer to all your doubts. It is about giving up living in ignorance.

We all like / tend to form the philosophies about life and various aspects of life but most of us are not concerned as actually how deep is this area, spirituality is about the passion to exploring the most deepest depth of philosophies.

It is about the passion of exploring the most deepest depth of the knowledge of self and our reality beyond illusions.

Spirituality is about targeting the core straight-a-way, instead of being happy with the surface. It is about the passion for exploring what lies at the very core of everything. It is about questioning for the ultimate reality that lies at the core of literally everything.

Spirituality is about finding what lies at the very core of our sufferings and miseries. It is seeking complete freedom from false & miserable, to attain the ultimate solution, i.e. the eternal bliss.

It is about exploring the truth behind what you do, and how what do you gain and lose from it, and how worth is that gain w.r.t the loss.

And what are the potential possibilities in the right direction, and what IS the right direction ?

It is all about developing the clarity about all the options available to us, and to choose the best possible option to attain our highest pleasure potential.

It is to understand what truly is pleasure and pain, and not about the perception of pleasure and pain, as perception can vary and divert from the truth. It is about bringing our perception as closer to the ultimate truth as possible.

It is about tearing apart the illusions and false perceptions that surrounds almost all the aspects of our life.

---

Inner transformation, inner growth, increase of our pleasure potential, magic, all good things. lyes in the depth, not on surface level. You would be able to access these things, only you dive into the depths, not if you stay at surface level.

---

---

So with this video, we are done with the sub-section A2, if I don’t happen to upload, in future, any new video related to this sub-section A2.
To check that, follow the sequence of nomenclature, not the sequence of upload.

This sub-section, was about understanding spirituality and some of its aspect. We will understand spirituality in more details in some other sub-section, of this very same section A.

So from next video, we would be starting with the sub-section A3, In that we would try to raise numerous curious question related to various aspects of our life.

---

---
