---
title: "[A2]-[4]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube 6EmWS_GCDG4 >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we talked about the potential of the path, the path of the chase of happiness.

In this video, we will now talk about the efficiency of achieving our highest of happiness potential. And with that we would be able to figure out the best age for spirituality.

Whatever questions we raised in previous videos, the big question about those questions is, what is the right time in our life, to start the investigation of finding the answers to these question ?

Well, that exactly is what we will see in this video.

So in this video, we will dig into understanding as what is the right age for spirituality ?

---

---

So which destination do you have to reach. Is it worth it ? Why do you want to reach there ? What do you have to gain from it ?

You need to put huge amount of energy into analyzing the depth of the destination that you want to reach.

----

Which is more efficient, to do this analysis before the start of the journey, or after the start of the journey ?

And suppose that you have started the journey, before doing this analysis, then is it more efficient to do this analysis as early as possible or to delay it ?

If you want to head towards the right direction, but you haven’t yet figured that direction out, then why to delay exploring that ?

---

If you are walking the path of lesser potential, but there would come a point in your journey, when changing the path
of lesser potential, to that of the path of greater potential, that change itself would turn out to be of lesser efficiency, than the efficiency of walking the path of lesser potential that you would be walking.

So even though a certain path might be of the highest potential, but changing the path to walk that path, that change itself might be less efficient, than walking the path of lesser potential.

So how is it that we would be able to achieve our highest efficiency in the right direction, towards the ultimate destination ?

Is it more efficient to change the path to that of the path of the greater potential, before it crosses the point of the change itself becoming less efficient, OR shall we do it before that ?

It is better to do it as early as possible, right ?

If you know the direction, the right direction, then why to delay heading in that direction ?

Why to wait for a certain age to arrive ? What if that age would not arrive ?

---

It is a common perception, that spirituality should be followed, AFTER you are done with going through various phases of life. And that, only after that shall you start to investigate life

But, why wait to get old ?

This perception is because, basically we consider spirituality and mundane life, as two separate phenomenon. But they are not. In both the cases, we chase the same thing, happiness. Chasing happiness IS the core, everything else IS for the sake of that

And if chasing happiness is the core, and everything is for the sake of that, then how can you separate spirituality and mundane life, as two separate phenomenon.

There is only one phenomenon, and that is, ‘chase of happiness’, that’s it.

So what matter is, the efficiency of our potential with which we chase happiness.

---

Suppose that we have a certain time frame in which we have to chase happiness. So, how will you be able to realize your ultimate potential to chase happiness, by chasing happiness with the ultimate efficiency of your potential, right from the start till the end, or by just randomly chasing happiness with lesser efficiency of your potential for maximum period and at the end period increasing your efficiency to the ultimate level ?

Obviously, you would be able to realize your ultimate potential to chase happiness only when you chase happiness with ultimate efficiency of your potential, right from the start to end.

The same applies to the time frame that we call as life.

---

There is no age for increasing your pleasure potential. There is no age for inner transformation. Inner transformation IS happening right from your birth till you die, either in right or wrong direction, whichever direction it is happening, but it is happening on continuous basis. This will not stop till the purpose of this inner transformation is accomplished. The only control you have over this inner transformation, is to choose the direction in which this transformation goes and the pace at which that transformation occurs. Whether it goes in right direction or wrong direction, whether it happens at a super fast pace or at a very slow pace, that is what you have to choose from.

No matter at what age do you choose the right direction and the right pace for your inner transformation, it is always worth choosing it than not choosing it.

If you choose it at a more younger age, you would make the most of the opportunity which is called as LIFE. Even if you choose it when you are closer to death, it is still worth it.

---

It is never too early, it is never too late for your inner growth.

What matter is how much of your ultimate potential have you been able to realize to evolve yourself. So even if you might not have realized any of your potential to evolve, BUT if you still have a chance, in this life, No matter HOW LITTLE it is, evolving is always better that not evolving at all.

---

---

So, what is the next video about ?

In this video we saw that, it is the best to start walking the path of spirituality, as early as possible.

In next video, we will talk more about choosing the path for spirituality.

---

---
