---
title: "[A2]-[1]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube NU9MsLGJfVQ >}}
```

---

---

Now that we are done with sub-section A1 of this channel, which was related to understanding philosophy
and science. Importance of both of them, scope of both of them; we also defined the precise distinction between philosophy & science; and much more.

So with this video, we will be starting with the sub-section A2. This sub-section would be about understanding spirituality and various aspects related to it.

So in this video, we would dive into understanding ‘what is spirituality all about ?’

---

---

What do you think of when you hear the word ‘spirituality’ ?

Let me guess, you might be thinking that it is something that people who have lost hopes towards life, people who are done with living there lives, old people, etc go towards.

Or, opposite to this, you might be thinking as, going for spirituality might make you something different and superior than others, something cool, something intellectual, whatever.

Or may be you do have right outlook towards spirituality, you do understand spirituality.

---------------------

Whatever your perception of spirituality might be. Here is a thing about spirituality.

If a thing related to your life, your existence, is of your concern, then spirituality IS of your concern.

In fact your most main concern, of all, which you are ignorant about or may be, just not interested about.

Basically, you are considering regular life as separate phenomenon, and spirituality as a completely separate phenomenon.

But they are not. In both the cases, we chase the same thing, happiness.

Chasing happiness IS the core, everything else IS for the sake of that.

And if chasing happiness is the core, and everything is for the sake of that, then how can you separate spirituality and mundane life, as two separate phenomenon.

There is only one phenomenon, and that is, ‘chase of happiness’, that’s it.

We are all chasing happiness. But we tend to play this game of chasing happiness, as an untrained & unskillful player. Spirituality is playing the game, of chasing pleasure, as a pro.

Achieving our ultimate happiness potential is the only game. Spirituality is the same game, but instead of playing the game in an immature way, spirituality is about playing the same game as a thorough professional.

Spirituality is about chasing happiness, but not in a random chaotic way, but in an intense and focused way.

We are all trying to achieve our ultimate happiness potential. but we don’t know which spots to hit, we are just hitting blindly in the hope that we turn out being right. If not, then atleast nearer to being right at hitting the right spot.

Spirituality is all about giving up that speculation, and putting complete efforts into finding that right spot. And
when we find it, then to hit if with the ultimate preciseness possible.

Spirituality is all about walking the path of increasing your happiness potential to its ultimate level.

Spirituality is about finding the best life path to walk, and to walk that path.

Spirituality is basically being as smart as possible with your chase of happiness.

There is only one phenomenon, and that is, ‘chase of happiness’. PERIOD.

---

Finally the word spirituality does not matter, what matters is, what do we point at when we say spirituality. When you call the term spirituality, you are pointing at an act. More than an act, you are pointing at a direction, and the
act of moving in that direction. And that is what matters, not the word spirituality. You can call it as spirituality or anything else, does not matter, as long as it points towards that same thing.

---

---

From next video, we will dive more into understanding that direction and the act of moving in that direction, which we just talked about. We will dive more into investigating the journey itself, and through that, we will understand something more about spirituality.

---

---
