---
title: "[A2]-[3]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube Re3pQLdROcE >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we investigated the journey itself, the journey towards happiness. We also investigated the destination. Now, is the turn of the path to get itself investigated.

So in this video, we will do the investigation of the path, the path of the chase of happiness, and more.

---

---

In previous video, we saw that, Destination is the ultimate purpose of journey.

And in previous sub-section A1, we saw that, the question of how to take action, comes later; first comes the question, why to take action ? Once the purpose is figured out, how will you achieve that purpose, without knowing how to achieve it ? i.e. without critically analyzing the action.

So now that we have figured out the destination, the ultimate purpose of the journey, now we shall focus on the question of how to complete that journey. i.e., we shall focus on investigating the path now.

So we have to choose a path now, which is in the direction of the destination.

And after you are done choosing the path, shall you stay focused on that path, no matter what ?

Suppose that you stay focused and committed to a certain path, which is in the direction of your destination.

BUT,what if while walking that path, you found that, the path that you are walking, does not suits you, and that there being another paths that are a better suit for you ?

What if you found that, the path which you are walking, is of lesser potential, and that there is another path which is of far greater potential ?

What shall you do then ?

You see, more than the path, what matters is, the destination.

Your eyes needs to be fixed on the destination, not on the path.

Destination is the ultimate purpose of the journey, NOT THE PATH.

So more than the path, the direction in which you are heading, is the thing which is important. The direction
towards the destination.

Always keep your destination fixed and the path flexible, not vice versa.

If your destination is fixed and path flexible, then your journey has a direction.

If your path is fixed and destination flexible, then your journey is direction-less.

--------------

So what is that direction ?

Is having the direction is the thing that matters ? BUT, what if that direction is a wrong direction ?

So here is a thing.

Having direction or being direction-less, is not good or bad in itself.

What if you have direction, BUT that direction is wrong direction ?

In that case, being direction-less, IS better than having direction, wrong direction.

But if you have direction, and that is the right direction, then in that case, having direction, is better than being direction-less.

Having a direction is not important, having a right direction is.

The ultimate best thing is, have the direction towards the ultimate destination.
Because that direction, IS the only right direction. There can be NOTHING, better than this.

And ultimately, there are only two directions. Oh ! Now that’s BIG a clue ! Figure it on your own !

We will anyways explore that through the core philosophy of this channel.

-------------

Now, here is a thing about the goal that you have.

A compromised goal achieved, is not goal achieved. It is a different goal all together.

And this is true, when the direction is wrong direction, i.e. the direction which is not aligned with the direction towards the ultimate destination.

But even if a compromised goal is reached, but is it is in the right direction, i.e. the direction which is aligned with the direction towards the ultimate destination; then in that case, even a compromised goal is still worth it, though not
as much as goal achieved.

What matters is, moving as far as possible, in that right direction. Even the compromised goal, will give satisfaction, if you have tried with all your efforts. As it would take you closer to the ultimate destination, even if you did not reach it.

How ? Well, we will keep that question pending for the section C of this channel, which is the section of the core philosophy.

Spiritual growth is not about the movement, but about the direction.

Spiritual growth is not about the path, but about the destination, the ultimate destination.

So, the big question is, what is the direction towards the ultimate destination, the ultimate truth.

We will dive very very deep into finding the answer to this question, through this channel’s content. To the deepest depth possible.

---

---

So what is the next video about ?

This was about the direction & the potential of the path. And now we will talk about the efficiency, we talk about that in the next video. With that we would be able to figure out the best age for spirituality.

Whatever questions we raised in this and previous videos, the big question about those questions, is, what is the right time in our life, to start the investigation of finding the answers to these questions ?

Well, that exactly is what we will see in the next video.

So in next video, we will dig into understanding as what is the right age for spirituality ?

---

---
