---
title: "[A2]-[2]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube 1bQsoWnwrsQ >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding as what is spirituality all about.

In that we saw that, there is only one phenomenon, and that is chase of happiness.

And much more.

Now we will do investigation of the journey itself. Journey towards happiness.

---

---

What is it that you want to do in life ? Where do you want to go ? Where do you want to reach ? What do you want to achieve ?

Oh, I see, you are walking a certain path in your life. Your path is set, and you aim to walk that path, you are dedicated to that path. But hey, what about the destination ? Are you clear about the destination which you want to reach, or are you clear about the path that you want to and are walking ?

You might have investigated the path, if you have not blindly selected it by following someone else’s footsteps, but have you ever investigated the destination.

Or is walking the path itself is your destination. i.e. journey itself being your destination.

But hey, can journey ever be the destination ?

What do we want to achieve from this journey ? Where do we want to reach ?

Have you ever investigated these questions ?

I am not talking about any surface level investigation, I am talking about thorough deep investigation. i.e. Investigating these questions, inside-out.

---

The path and the destination, these both are two completely different things. Two separate aspects of the same thing, and that thing is journey.

Journey has two main aspects to it:

1. Path

2. Destination

Many a times we take journey as our destination.

Each journey HAS a destination. But, journey itself, can never be the destination.

If you take journey as your destination, after you complete your journey, you would be on a certain destination. Wherever you would stop, you would have to accept it as your destination. And if you would be satisfied with that destination or not, that is totally a gamble,

When you take journey as your destination, you are focusing neither on the path nor the destination. You are focusing on mere the journey, mere the flow.

But what if instead of focusing on none of the two, i.e. path and destination, if you focused on the path, won’t it be a better idea ?

But again, here that path does reach a certain destination, it does go in a certain direction. So again the question remains the same, wherever you would stop, you would have to accept it as your destination. And if you would be
satisfied with that destination or not, that is totally a gamble.

We are talking about, wherever you would stop, you would have to accept it as your destination, but the big questions is, how would you know where to stop, if that path happens to be endless ? Because if you haven’t investigated the destination, you would not know as how long that path is, or is it endless. In that case, would you just keep walking ? If yes, then what sense does it make, the endless walk ?

-----------------

It is extremely important, to critically investigate the destination.

And now, we are going to do the same.

So which destination do you want to reach. Is it worth it ? Why do you want to reach there ? What do
you have to gain from it ?

You need to put huge amount of energy into analyzing the depth of the destination that you want to reach.

So what is the goal of your life ? What is your destination ? Is that destination, the place where you stop ? Or still you would keep on moving ? If thing which you call as destination, is not the place where your journey ends, then how can it be the destination ? Because destination is the place where journey ends.

Destination is the ultimate purpose of the journey.

Have you even figured out these things ? Or have you taken journey as the destination ?

The big questions are,

If destination is the ultimate purpose of the journey. Then what about the journey of life ?

Does life has any destination ? Or is it mere the journey ?

But as we saw in the previous sub-section, A1,

No action does exist, without the existence of the purpose for that action, for the start of that action. So does the action, which we call as the journey of life, does that exists without the purpose for its existence ? If yes, the, how
is it possible ?

And, if no, THEN, the journey of life DOES have a destination.

So in that case, WHAT IS THE ULTIMATE DESTINATION OF LIFE ?

Spirituality is about the investigation of the ultimate destination of life. Not mere surface level investigation, but a thorough critical investigation.

TO THE DEEPEST DEPTH POSSIBLE.

---

---

So what is the next video about ?

In this video, we investigated the journey itself and also the destination. Now, is the turn of the path to get itself investigated.

Next video would be about, investigation of the path, and more.

---

---
