---
title: "[A7]-[2]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube EudpV404ras >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we introduced the phenomenon of perception.

In this video, we will talk more about the importance of perception.

---

---

In previous two sub-sections A5 and A6, we talked about knowledge, belief, superstition, ignorance in details.

So when we call knowledge, belief, superstition and ignorance, but where do these things really exist. Do they exist in the material world, or do they exist somewhere else ?

OK, I would make the question little simple. Where does it exists, inside of us or outside of us ?

Obviously, it does exist inside of us.

These things exists in our perception.

These things ARE about one thing, perception.

---

Where does the suffering exists ?

Where does the pain exists ?

Same is the place where the pleasure and happiness exists. What is it ?

It is PERCEPTION.

Darkness is not outside, it is inside us. It is in our perception.

Misery is not outside, it is inside us. It is in our perception.

But note a point here. Using this logic, when the world is full of misery, then one might say that, see the misery in not in the world, it is in your perception. Darkness is not in the world outside, darkness is in your perception.

In that case, when there is darkness outside, overlooking it and pretending as there is no darkness, is actually the darkness, a negativity. Identifying darkness as it is, is not darkness, it is a form of positivity

So in this case, that darkness, even if it might not exist inside of you, in your perception, but it does exist outside of you, but not outside of perception. In that case it does exists in perception of those, who are manifesting the evil in the world.

So when I am talking about the perception here, I am talking about the perception as a phenomenon.

Perception as phenomenon includes your perception, as well as the perception of others. No matter who’s perception, individual or collective perception of group, small or big; the phenomenon of perception is the same.

And we will talk about logic, i.e. right logic and wrong logic, in some further videos of this section A.

---

When we talk about inner growth and transformation, in that case what is it exactly, that is undergoing transformation.

When you evolve, when you degrade, what exactly is the thing within you that is evolving or degrading ?

It is → PERCEPTION.

Evolution or degradation, both are related to one thing, perception.

The very base of your inner transformation, evolution or degradation, IS your PERCEPTION.

The very base of your spiritual growth, IS your PERCEPTION.

Inner transformation IS happening right from your birth, and will keep happening till you die, either in right or wrong direction, whichever direction it is happening, but it is happening on continuous basis.

You do not have a choice to stop that transformation. It is not possible. The only choice that you have is, to choose the direction, right or wrong, in which the transformation should happen. And you can access that choice, only when you are conscious of the existence of that choice.

And making that choice, the thing that you need to target is, your PERCEPTION.

If you want to achieve inner transformation and growth, the only target is perception.

Transformation of your inner being, is nothing but transformation of your perception,

When you seek spiritual growth, when you seek knowledge, when you seek happiness, when you seek to achieve your highest of pleasure potential, the target is one thing, and that is PERCEPTION !

Everything else, is a byproduct of that, the perception.

---

As we have seen in earlier section A1, when your philosophy changes at its core, your entire being changes.

But what is at the core of that philosophy ?

Where does that philosophy exists ?

It exists in your PERCEPTION.

In sub-section A1, we also saw that, good and evil, can be found in philosophy, not in action.

Good exists in perception.

Evil exists in perception.

As we have seen in earlier section A1, philosophy is involved in everything. Consciously or subconsciously, you are DRIVEN by philosophy.

Consciously or subconsciously, you are DRIVEN by perception.

You CANNOT take even a minutest of a single action, without the perception behind it, which causes you to take that action.

---

All your desires are based on one thing, and that is, your perception !

Your emotions, your happiness, your pain, your strengths, your miseries, your weaknesses, everything about your mind functioning, depends on your perception.

EVERYTHING about your desire, is about your perception.

Perception is the base of desire. Our desires are completely based on our perception. The core of our desires is our perception.

The base of your existence is desire [we will cover this topic, in much details, if further videos], and the base of desire, is perception.

Change the very core of your perception, and your desires WILL change.

Your deeds are based on your desires. And you desire is based on your perception. Your deeds are based on your perception.

All the languages and the words are associated with ‘the perception’.

All the clarity & confusion you have is associated with ‘the perception’.

All your knowledge & ignorance is associated with ‘the perception’.

All your desires are associated with ‘the perception’.

All your miseries are associated with ‘the perception’.

The answers to all your questions related to your being, are associated with ‘the perception’.

The key to your happiness is associated with ‘the perception’.

Your spiritual enlightment & awakening is associated with ‘the perception’.

Every single aspect of your reality is associated with ‘the perception’.

---

EVERYTHING about our existence, is related to perception.

All your desires are based on one thing, and that is, on the perception that
you have.

The entire functioning of your being is based on your perception.

At the very core of your existence, is, PERCEPTION.

---

So you see, how extremely critically important the perception IS.

The ultimate target to raise our pleasure to the highest of its potential is, PERCEPTION !

---

---

So this video was about understanding the importance of perception.

In next video, we will dive into understanding as what actually is the phenomenon of perception ?

---

---
