---
title: "[A7]-[4]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube pxtHt94TuwE >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dive into understanding as what actually is the phenomenon of perception ?

In this video, we will dive into understanding an important aspects of the perceptions.

---

---

As we have seen in earlier video of this sub-section A7, that, imagination is the base of thinking.

You CANNOT think without imagination.

So the next question is, when you are thinking about something, what is happening ?

What happens during thinking ?

When you think about something, you imagine related to that thing. And when you imagine related to that something, you do recall the image that you have in your mind, related to that something. And based on
that image, you think.

Let us take an example here, the example of communication.

When we communicate with each other, what do we do actually ? When one person is communicating with the other person, than that person is trying to re-create the image which that person has in its own mind, into the mind of the other person that it is communicating to.

But if you are able to re-create exactly the same image that you want to re-create, or if some different image is re-created, that depends on how effective the communication is. And how effective the communication is, that depends on the ability of both, the one who is communicating as well as the one who is receiving, as well as the
quality of communication.

We will talk more on this in further videos, when we would talk about language.

How do you recreate a new image in some persons mind ?

You try to recall a certain image that already exists in that other persons mind, related to the image that you want to re-create and the image equivalent to the image you want to recreate.

And using these, you try to recreate the image in that persons mind.

That is why, many a times, while communicating, we tend to use co-relations. Like, we tend to say that, ‘see you know this thing; yeah, so that other thing is also like this thing’. In this case, you are trying to recreate a new image in that persons mind, using the image that already exists in that persons mind.

But what if there is no image in other persons mind even mildly related to that thing ?

Can you recreate the image in that other persons mind, the image which you want to recreate ? Will you be able to communicate to that person, the thing which you want to communicate ?

NO, you won’t be able to do so.

---

When you think about something, you imagine related to that thing. And when you imagine related to that something, you do recall the image that you have in your mind, related to that something. And based on that image, you think.

And when you are thinking on something, you are working on the image of that something. You are processing that image. And when you are processing that image, that image starts transforming.

So the question is, can you think about something without already having an image about that something in your mind ?

No you cannot.

You do need to already have an image, in your mind, about something, for you to be able to think about that thing.

And that image that you already have in your mind, about that something, IS the perception that you have about that thing.

---

Your thinking about a certain thing, depend on and is limited to the image that you have in your mind, about that thing.

Your thinking about a certain thing, depends on and is limited to the perception that you have in your mind, about that thing.

---

The limitation to your thinking, exists in your perception.

---

The big question here is, if there IS some phenomenon, that does exists, related to which, we do not even have any image in our mind, and not even any image equivalent to that phenomenon, so in that case, can we even thingk of such phenomenon ? We cannot, right !

How do we know if such phenomenon, does exists, as we are not even capable to even think about such phenomenons ?

And if such phenomenons do exist, then the bigger question is, how many such phenomenons are there, which we are incapable to even think about ?

---

---

In this video, we did dig into understanding an important aspects of the perceptions.

In next video, we will dive into exploring as what is the conscious and sub-conscious perception ?

---

---
