---
title: "[A7]-[1]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube l7m3L7p3BeY >}}
```

---

---

So with this video, we will start with the new sub-section, A7.

Previous sub-section A6, was about exploring the journey from ignorance to knowledge.

In this sub-section A7, we will dig into understanding the phenomenon of perception.

---

---

We are talking about the spiritual growth, we are talking about seeking the ultimate truth of our existence. We are talking about philosophy and science. We are talking about evolving our inner being, and transformation of our inner being.

We are talking about knowledge, ignorance, belief and superstition. We are talking about good & evil, justice & injustice. We are talking about desires. And we are also talking about many more things on this channel.

BUT, to all these things the base is common, What is that one thing, which is the base to ALL these things ?

It is one thing.

That one thing is the MOST core thing of ALL.

What is that one thing ?

---

In sub-section O1, I had mentioned a point, which I keep mentioning in the intro of all the videos of this channel.

THE ULTIMATE POINT, about the philosophy of our existence.

Everything about you, about your entire materialistic existence, narrows down to this ultimate point.

Everything revolves around this ultimate point. Everything is because of this ultimate point.

The entire philosophy that we explore in this channel, revolves around this ultimate point.

And the thing that we are talking about in this video, the base, is also the base of this ultimate point.

So much extremely, critically important is that base, that one thing

It is the most important thing of ALL, related to your entire being.

So what is that one thing ?

What IS it ?

It is, ............ PERCEPTION !

---

---

In next video we will talk more about the importance of perception.

---

---
