---
title: "[A7]-[3]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube p8FjmbMJhfo >}}
```

---

---

Previous video was about understanding the importance of perception.

In this video, we will dig into understanding as what actually is the phenomenon of perception ?

---

---

In previous video, we saw as how critically important the perception is.

But the question is, what exactly is this thing, the thing which we call as perception ?

---

First of all, what is perception related to ? It is related to our thinking.

And how do we think ? What is the base of our thinking ?

OK, let me ask this question in a different way. When you think, what happens ?

Your imagination gets activated. When you think about anything, you are imagining that thing.

Or do you think, that you can think about something, without having imagination related to that thing ? NO, you cannot.

Imagination is the base of thinking. You CANNOT think without imagination.

Even if you are not imagining something in great details, when you think of that something, you DO imagine something about it or related to it, only then are you able to think about it.

Try to think about something without imagining anything about it or related to it. Can you ? No, you can’t.

Imagination is the BASE of thinking.

---

So imagination is about you having images in your mind.

Having image about something is nothing but, how do you identify that something as.

Image can be positive, negative or neutral.

Imagination is a broader phenomenon, which covers all the images.

When we are thinking about something, we imagine that something. We do have a certain kind of image of that thing.

That image can be negative, positive or neutral.

No matter what kind of image, IMAGE as a complete phenomenon, comes under the phenomenon which we call as
imagination.

---

This images that you have about various things, is your perception about those things.

Perception is nothing but the set of these images.

So what image do you have about that something, i.e. how do you identify that something, is the perception that you have about that something.

Perception is identification. Your perception about something is, how do you identify that something.

And how will you deal with that something, depends completely on your perception about that something.

---

We have perception about various aspects. The set of all our perceptions related to something, we call it as our outlook towards that something.

---

Here in this channel, we target the very same thing. And that thing is, THE PERCEPTION.

---

---

In this video, we did dive into understanding as what actually is the phenomenon of perception ?

In next video, we will dive into understanding an important aspects of the perceptions.

---

---
