---
title: "[A7]-[5]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube X_AA0SepVo0 >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into understanding an important aspects of the perceptions.

In next video, we will dive into exploring as what is the conscious and sub-conscious perception ?

---

---

As we have seen in earlier video of this sub-section A7, that, EVERYTHING about our existence, is related to perception.

All your desires are based on one thing, and that is, on the perception that you have.

The entire functioning of your being is based on your perception.

At the very core of your existence, is, PERCEPTION.

---

In previous video, we saw that,

Your thinking about a certain thing, depend on and is limited to the image that you have in your mind, about that thing.

You do need to already have an image, in your mind, about something, for you to be able to think about that thing.

And that image that you already have in your mind, about that something, IS the perception that you have about that thing.

Your thinking about a certain thing, depends on and is limited to the perception that you have in your mind, about that thing.

---

So the mages that you have about various things, is your perception about those things.

Perception is nothing but the set of these images.

The perception is nothing but the programming of your mind.

As we have seen earlier, the entire functioning of your being is based on your perception.

The entire functioning of your being is based on this programming of your mind.

---

The are two kind of perceptions:

- Conscious  perception

- Sub-conscious  perception

So how to you distinguish between the conscious perception and sub-conscious perception ?

The part of your perception that you are aware of, i.e. you know that you have a certain kind of perception about something, and why you have that perception.

So, you are conscious of that part of your perception.

But there is a part of perception that you are not aware of, i.e. you do not know  that you have a certain kind of perception about something.

Any even if you know that you have a certain perception, but in that case, you may not know as why you have that perception. That unknown part is also related to your perception, sub-conscious perception.

---

There are some feelings, emotions, passion, fear, misery, bliss, etc, within you, that you know as why do they exist. There are desires within you, that you know as why do they exist. You are aware of it. That is the conscious part of your perception.

There are some feelings, emotions, passion, fear, misery, bliss, etc, within you, that you do not know as why do they exist. There are desires within you, that you do not know as why do they exist. You are not aware of it. That is the sub-conscious part of your perception.

---

When you go deep into understanding yourself, your thinking and your desires; you go deep into investigating the sub-conscious part of your perception. You try to make sub-conscious, conscious.

---

The big question is,how much part of your perception is conscious perception and how much of it is sub-conscious perception ?

BUT, the bigger question is, how much conscious are you about the conscious part of your perception ?

You might be conscious of the conscious perception, at surface level. I.e. your understanding of the conscious perception might be a surface level understanding, or may be deep understanding to some extent. But, as you go deeper and deeper into it, the conscious perception, do you really think that you do understand those desires, to the deepest depth possible ?

Think on it !

---

So here in this channel, out target is PERCEPTION !

And what are we going to do with that target ? We are going to transform the sub-conscious part of it, and make it conscious, to the deepest depth possible.

---

---

So with this video, we are done with the sub-section A7, if I don’t happen to upload, in future, any new video related to this sub-section A7. 

To check that, follow the sequence of nomenclature, not the sequence of upload.

This sub-section, was about understanding the phenomenon of perception.

In the next sub-section A8, we will dive into exploring some important aspects related to the truth and the ultimate truth.

---

---
