---
title: "[A1]-[2]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube kp2Piw722ro >}}
```

---

---

In last video, we saw how the question of ‘the purpose of our existence, is out of scope of science, as of now.

But this enquiry of the purpose of our existence, is something which is a vital part of the thing which we call as ‘philosophy’.

So, What is philosophy ?

What exactly is the difference between science & philosophy ?

We will look at all that in this video.

So in this video, we will dive into understanding the philosophy of the philosophy itself.

---

---



Let us establish the precise distinction between Science & Philosophy:

Well first of all, what are these two things concerned about ? What are they targeting ? Well, it is one thing, that they both are concerned about, one thing that they both are targeting.

Is it clarity ? Yes, ofcourse, but there has to be something, the thing which you are seeking clarity about. Right ?

What is that thing ?

That thing is ACTION !

How action ?

Well, what do we do in the field of science ? We figure out how things work. Means what ? How things happen, i.e. how does that action takes place.

And based on that understanding, we figure out as how to make things work for our benefit, i.e. we figure out as how to take action.

So first of all, if science and philosophy, both are concerned about one thing, then we should first dive deep into understanding what that thing actually is, instead of just having surface level understanding of it. Right?

Well, you are right, but what action actually is, how do you define action, how do you identify action; understanding this phenomenon, which we call as ‘action’, understanding it to its extreme preciseness, is a completely different topic.

As of now, we don’t need to dive so deep into that phenomenon. We do have surface level understanding of what action is, and that shall be sufficient for this video.

But understand one thing, when we dive deep into understanding the phenomenon of ‘action’, we do understand one thing that, In this materialistic existence, it is impossible to escape action.

I am mentioning this point, just to emphasis the importance of action.

We will look more into this, with our surface level understanding of the phenomenon of action, in next video, in which we would be looking more into understanding the importance of philosophy

OK, So, let us define the difference between science & philosophy.

How to take action → that enquiry comes under the field of SCIENCE.

Why to take action, the ultimate purpose of action, the purpose for starting the action → that enquiry comes under the field of PHILOSOPHY

And as of now, science cannot answer the questions of philosophy, and philosophy cannot answer the questions of science. But they are two aspects of the same thing.

They both have there own importance, and there own place. Denying one for the sake of other, makes no sense.

I am saying, as of now, because, ultimately everything IS interconnected, but our knowledge, as of now, is not deep enough to have discovered that connection. There IS still, humongous amount of ignorance in our knowledge.

I want to mention more points here, but we have discussed this same related concept in more details, in previous video, in which we have discussed as how the question of ‘purpose of our existence’, is out of scope of science. Do watch it.

So I won’t mention those points here.

So, we leave the science to be explored in more and more depths, to the people dedicated to that field, the scientists. In this channel we will focus on the PHILOSOPHY.

We will dive deep into it, TO THE DEEPEST DEPTH POSSIBLE.

---

---

In next video we will dive into the questions:

Why do you need philosophy ? How important is philosophy ? Should everyone care about philosophy or is it OK to just neglect it ? Can you avoid philosophy ? Can you sustain without philosophy ?

Or is philosophy way more important than what we think it is ?

We will dive into exploring the importance of philosophy.

---

---


