---
title: "[A1]-[1]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube EYSGVTWcVJo >}}
```

---

---

Now that we are done with the first section of this channel, which was related to the overall content of this channel.

So with this video, we will be starting with the second section. The initial philosophy of this channel.

In this video, we shall dive into finding the answer to the question, ‘can science answer the question of THE PURPOSE OF LIFE ?

---

---

OK, to start with.

Person A: “We are living, i.e. we are alive !”

Person B: “Yes”

Person A: “That means, we have life !”

Person B: “Oh ! Good observation.”

But, if you have something, why do you have that thing.

Why do we have life ? Is there any purpose for the life to come into existence ?

Does this life has any purpose ? Or is it all just a timepass ?

Well I am feeling extremely irresistibly curious about this thing. I WANT to find out the answer to this question.

OMG what shall I do now ? Where shall I start with.

I am a scientific person, so obviously SCIENCE, right ?

But when I go towards science, the people do tend to say that ‘science explains everything, there is no need at all for anything else, also there is no need for any purpose, there IS no purpose’.

But I tend to find a fault in that perception.

It is straight-a-way rejecting the existence of the purpose of life, without even peeping into that area.

I find it extremely wrong approach.

Why ?

OK, let us understand it with an example.

Suppose that a crime has taken place. Person A and Person B are investigating the crime scene. Person A does analysis and explains how the crime took place, Person A explains the whole mechanism of the process of crime with all the technicalities involved. But Person B say “OK, this is how the crime took place, but the main question is, ‘why did the crime took place ?’” Person A says “what are you talking about ? I just explained you the whole
process, that’s it !! Everything is crystal clear, what else do you want, what are you talking about, what non-sense purpose do you want !! I am have explained everything as how the crime took place. That’s it, that’s all, there is to it. There is no purpose”

First of all, here I am taking the example of a crime scene, but it does not mean that I am considering life as crime. This example is just for the sake of analogy, and I think it would explain the point in a satisfactory way.

So, in this case, crime has taken place. And no matter how precisely anyone explains the mechanism of the crime, even if it would be the best expert, the question of ‘purpose of crime’, stays untouched.

If someone claims that science explains everything is like Person A in this example. Science does explain, but it explains all about one thing, i.e. Mechanism of how things work. But it can never explain the purpose.

Science is the only thing that will take us to the depths of the functioning of this materialistic existence, but purpose ? Well, that is a completely different area of investigation, out of the reach of science, as of now, atleast.

Purpose is not in the scope of science, as of now.

---

So even if science explains the WHOLE mechanism of how things function in this materialistic existence, but the question of the purpose of this materialistic existence, is out of its scope.

And as long as the explaining of the mechanism of functioning of this materialistic existence goes, THE FACT REMAINS that, the science as of now, is nowhere even closer, but is far far away from explaining the functioning of the WHOLE mechanism of this materialistic existence.

As of now, we the human species, as far as science is concerned, we don’t even know that what we don’t know about this mechanism AS A WHOLE, of our existence.

Knowing what we don’t know, is also knowledge.

As of now, our knowledge is way far away from being complete.

So as of now, any person, even if that person might be the greatest scientist the world has ever seen, if that person is claiming that ‘science can explain every thing, so there is no need for the existence of purpose, there is no purpose’; be sure that, that person is wrong in saying so.

Can me being an expert car driver, claim expertise in car repair ?

Yes I can, if at all I am an expert of both. But claiming expertise in car repair just based on my expertise in car driving, makes no sense, as they are two different aspects, but of the same thing.

But the fact remains, that everything is interconnected. As of now the link between science and the ultimate truth is not yet discovered.

But that is the topic of another video.

But with the discoveries of quantum mechanics, I am quiet sure, that we HAVE peeped into that connection, as we now understand that consciousness does have role in the existence of matter.

But it is just an extremely tiny though an extremely important step, a BIG milestone, in that direction.

---

And remember, we have now got the science out of the way. But it does not mean that we are holding on to superstition while walking this path.

We are the one’s who HATE superstition, that is why we analyze things extremely critically. We do not accept things blindly, on this channel.

We have just got science out of our way of exploring the ultimate truth, the ultimate purpose of our life, we have not abandoned science. Science IS extremely important. It has its own unshakable place. Exploring science and advancement of science, IS vital for all of us.

We have got science out of the way of exploring this path, that too was out of critically analyzing the scope of science.

But we are never closed for the truth, we are the explorers of the truth, to be specific, the ultimate truth.

So we are open for any genuine reasoning which would be capable of breaking this perception. As we want anything that is faulty to be replaced by something which is not.

So we await for anyone to prove us wrong on this point. We would be glad that we were wrong.

And we have not got science complete out of the way of exploring the ultimate truth. We WILL also look into some scientific facts, to see if we can gain something from it, which would be of aid for us in this exploration.

Exploration of the ultimate truth of our existence, TO THE DEEPEST DEPTH POSSIBLE.

---

---

In next videos, we will look at

What is philosophy ? Why do you need philosophy ? How important is philosophy ? Should everyone care about philosophy or is it OK to just neglect it ? Can you avoid philosophy ? Can you sustain without philosophy ?

Or is philosophy way more important than what we think it is ?

What exactly is the difference between science & philosophy ?

We will look at all that in next videos.

---

---
