---
title: "[A1]-[4]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube pXANqOj1nts >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we did dig into exploring the importance of philosophy. Where we saw how philosophy is involved in everything, and much more.

In this video, we will understand the importance of philosophy, even more, when we will dive into exploring the importance of critically analyzing each and every philosophy. And why is it so important for this world ?

---

---

Two actions might appear to be same at surface level, but when you would dig more into understanding them, they might be two completely different action overall.

Two actions might be same in how they are executed, but completely different and opposite in its philosophy.

Suppose that, Person A and Person B, both are giving food to a poor and hungry person. But the purpose of Person A is that, Person A want to make that poor and hungry person, its slave, by burring that poor person under the burden of favor, and also to boost self ego, but the purpose does not include the well-being of that poor person.

BUT the purpose of Person B, is merely the well being of that poor person.

So you see, the action of the Person A, is overall actually an evil action. And the action of Person B is overall a good action, a good deed.

There exists no action, without the purpose for that action.

The question is, WHAT IS THE PURPOSE, WORKING BEHIND THE ACTION ?

The philosophy behind the action, determines if the action is good or evil.

So, merely analyzing the action is not the only important thing, analyzing the philosophy behind the action, IS a critically important thing.

Goodness can be spotted in the philosophy, not in the action.

EVIL can be spotted in the philosophy, not in the action.

---

Now the next point.

As we have seen in previous video, the video in which we did dig into the importance of philosophy, in that video, we saw that, Philosophy IS involved in everything.

Consciously or subconsciously, you are DRIVEN by philosophy.

Consciously or sub-consciously, everyone IS driven by philosophy.

The WHOLE WORLD runs on philosophy.

The chaos of the world IS because of philosophy. Either because of wrong philosophy, or right philosophy which is not deep enough, or conflicts of philosophy; or may be because of one or multiple or all of these.

May be on the surface level, two philosophies may contradict each other, but as we go deeper and deeper in both of them, they might happen to be the same philosophy, right ? But how will you know that, unless you go deeper into both of them ?

How will you find flaws or flaw-lessness of any philosophy, unless you dive into that philosophy, to the deepest depth possible.

Consciously or subconsciously, you are DRIVEN by philosophy.

You, as a whole, transform, when your philosophy is transformed to its deepest core.

Consciously or sub-consciously, everyone IS driven by philosophy.

The WHOLE WORLD runs on philosophy.

THE WHOLE WORLD will transform, when the philosophy on which the world runs, would transform to its deepest core.

The chaos of the world IS because of philosophy. The order and peace of the world, WILL come ONLY out of philosophy, no where else. Because of the philosophy which would be aligned with the ultimate truth.

You see, how important the philosophy IS, and how critically important is it, to dig deep into each and every philosophy that does exists, or might emerge, analyzing ALL of them, to THE DEEPEST DEPTH POSSIBLE, is mandatory for peace and harmony to be established.

Consciously or sub-consciously. the whole world runs on philosophy.

But the question is, how deep is that philosophy ? Is it deep enough ?

And what is deep enough ?

But here in this channel, truth mechanism, we don’t care about enough deep, because we target the deepest depth possible. PERIOD !

---

---

So, what is next video about ?

This was all about the philosophy and its importance. But what about science ?

In next video, we will dive into understanding the importance of science. And why is it extremely important to critically analyze each and every action.

---

---
