---
title: "[A1]-[5]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube dZ3ihyO0p5g >}}
```

---

---

In previous videos, we saw the importance of philosophy, and also the importance of critically analyzing each and every philosophy.

That was all about importance of the philosophy. But what about science ?

In this video, we will dive into understanding the importance of science. And why is it extremely important to critically analyze each and every action.

---

---

In previous video, we saw that science and philosophy are concerned with one thing, and that thing is action.

We defined the difference between science & philosophy as, Science is concerned with the enquiry of ‘how to take action ?’.

And philosophy is concerned with the enquiry of ‘why to take action ? The ultimate purpose of action, the purpose for starting the action.

So till now we saw how important the philosophy is, and how important is it to critically analyze each and every philosophy.

But what about other enquiry, the enquiry of ‘how to take action’ ?

We also saw that, the question of how to take action, comes later; first comes the question, why to take action ?

But once the purpose is figured out, how will you achieve that purpose, without knowing how to achieve it ? i.e. without critically analyzing the action.

Let us take an example here.

Let us suppose that your philosophy is to enjoy your life to the fullest so that you be satisfied with life before
you die. So you were in the process of enjoying your life to the fullest, but now you ended up into disease by the actions that you took while enjoying life. But this is not what you wanted, and you have not even enjoyed enough. So now you have ended with the pain of disease as well as dissatisfaction of not enjoying enough as much as you wanted to enjoy, so the purpose of enjoying life to the fullest is blocked and even worst, in front of the pain of the disease, whatever enjoyment you had done seems to be unwanted, and you would sacrifice even that to get out of this painful situation.

Well I have taken an example of disease here, because giant diseases being common, is the reality that we ARE facing these days. But it could be any painful situation. But still even if the situation is negative, negative because you surely don’t want to be in this situation for no reason, IF not for serving a greater purpose. But still, it cannot be totally 100% a negative situation, if there is even a minutest of possibility to serve an ego-less greater purpose, to any smallest of extent. Serving an ego-less greater purpose, especially the ultimate purpose, IS the greatest of all positivity, even if you are into any hell of a situation, and even if you yourself choose hell for yourself, to serve such a purpose.

BUT, the point is, how will you know, if the actions you take, and your philosophy, does match each other, or are they a miss match ?

How will you know that the purpose of which you are taking the actions, those actions does really serve that purpose, or does those actions merely appear to serve your purpose but in reality, those actions might server some different purpose which you may even resist serving ? How will you know ? Have you even considered ALL the factors that are involved ?

How will you know if certain actions serve your purpose, your philosophy, in the best way possible, or may be there are other actions which might serve your purpose, your philosophy, in a better way than the current actions that you are taking ?

How will you know as which actions will serve your purpose, your philosophy, in the best way possible ?

The answer is, by critically analyzing the action.

You see, critical analysis of actions is extremely important.

Consciously or sub-consciously. the whole world runs on philosophy.

So even if we would had figured the ultimate purpose, but what about actions ? Are those action serving or are even capable of serving the ultimate purpose, or are those action against the ultimate purpose by contributing more and more to the increasing chaos ?

And here comes the role of SCIENCE,

EVERY SCIENCE.

---

---

So, what is next video about ?

In previous videos, we saw how important the philosophy is. And in this video, we saw that even science is extremely important.

But the question is, what kind of mindset shall we have then ? Shall we be philosophical or shall we be scientific ? Or shall we be both ? If both, then which side shall we incline more on ?

We will dive into finding the answers to these question, in next video.

---

---
