---
title: "[A1]-[3]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube ye0nILkX3fs >}}
```

---

---

In previous video, we explored the difference between science & philosophy.

But the questions are, why do you need philosophy ? How important is philosophy ? Should everyone care about
philosophy or is it OK to just neglect it ? Can you avoid philosophy ? Can you sustain without philosophy ?

Or is philosophy way more important than what we think it is ?

In this video, we will dive into exploring the importance of philosophy.

---

---

In previous video, We saw that science and philosophy are concerned with one thing, and that thing is
action.

We defined the difference between science & philosophy as, Science is concerned with the enquiry of ‘how to take action ?’.

And philosophy is concerned with the enquiry of ‘why to take action ? The ultimate purpose of action, the purpose for starting the action.

And here is a thing, the question of how to take action, comes later; first comes the question,

why to take action ?

Vice versa is impossible.

Do you think that you can take action, without any purpose at all, for that action ?
Well, you cannot.

We will try to understand this with an example.

But first do understand one more thing.

As we have discussed in previous video also, the video about ‘Science vs Philosophy’.

We have discussed that, when we dive deep into understanding the phenomenon of ‘action’, we do
understand one thing that, In this materialistic existence, it is impossible to escape action.

I am mentioning this point, just to emphasis the importance of action.

What action actually is, how do you define action, how do you identify action; understanding this phenomenon, which we call as ‘action’, understanding it to its extreme preciseness, is a completely different topic.

As of now, we don’t need to dive so deep into that phenomenon. We do have surface level understanding of what action is, and that shall be sufficient for this video.

But still, with our surface level understanding of the phenomenon of ‘action’, let us take an example here,

How will you escape action ? By not taking action ? But when you are not taking any action, you are doing something, right ? Not taking action, itself is an act of not doing, an action.

Let us suppose, you might be sitting quietly. But sitting quietly, is an act of sitting. 

It is an act, an action.

Do note a point here. I am not talking about movement, I am talking about action.
Movement and action are two different things.

Movement is a type of an action. Movement is a subset of action, not vice versa.

One more thing, action is impossible without the reason for that action, the purpose for that action.

You might be thinking that you are sitting quietly without any reason, so there is no reason for you sitting quietly. NO, you are wrong in this case.
The reason for you to sit quietly is that you, on a very temporary basis, are finding pleasure in sitting quietly and pain in doing something other than just the act of sitting. And the purpose is pleasure, though it being an extremely temporary purpose.

In this materialistic existence, you CANNOT escape action. And an action cannot exist without the reason for the start of that action, the purpose for that action, the philosophy behind that action.

No action can exist, without the reason for start of that action, or the series of actions. Philosophy IS involved in every action, you cannot escape philosophy.

Let us understand the importance of philosophy even more. And for that, let us continue with our example.

So related to our example, the question is, this purpose is a temporary purpose, but what after that, because after a
certain time period, weather it be short or a very long time period, you will definitely start to experience pain in this act of just sitting, so what after that ? So you see, the purpose that you are chasing here, is a temporary purpose, not the ultimate purpose.
Though in this example, the temporary purpose is atleast not blocking the greater purpose, may be it might make you compromise on the greater purpose, but atleast it would not block the greater purpose, as you may continue or start to chase the greater purpose, after you are done achieving the temporary purpose.

But the question is, what if the temporary purpose blocks the greater purpose, completely ?

OK, to understand this question, let us take a different example here.

Suppose that you go to a college, for obvious reasons. But you focused completely on enjoying the college life. And in doing so, you compromised on the main purpose of going to the colege, i.e. obtaining education. I am talking about education, not merely about degree certificate.

But in the same place, if you would had compromised on enjoying instead of compromising on the education, which would had been better ? In this case, education is the greater purpose, enjoying college life is a lesser of a purpose.

Let us view the same example with a different angle.

Let us suppose that during your engineering college, you focused on your grades alone instead of focusing on gaining the skills & knowledge set that would make you capable as an engineer. Is this thing possible, to get good grades without gaining skills and knowledge set ? Yes, it is, but that is not the concerned question here. Well if you do so, you would be having an engineering degree but you won’t be capable as an engineer. You would merely be an individual who is approved as an engineer, but not an engineer. There is a difference between both. Engineering degree is merely an approval from an institution, approval that this person is capable enough to be considered as an engineer. But an engineer, with or without approval from any institution, is an engineer. Being an engineer is about the capability, not about the certificate. So you see, the greater purpose here is obtaining the skills and knowledge set, degree IS a purpose, but it should be a secondary purpose, not primary.

So you see, in this example, if enjoying the college life becomes your primary purpose at the time, the greater purpose of gaining knowledge and skills set, gets compromised, if not completely blocked.

But, the question of how to take action, comes later; first come, why to take action ?

So the big question is, whatever purpose that you want to get served by the actions, is it the ultimate purpose, or is it just a temporary purpose ? But what if ultimate purpose and temporary purpose miss match each other ?
What if the temporary purpose that you are chasing is against the ultimate purpose ? What if the temporary purpose completely blocks the ultimate purpose from being achieved ?

But to gain clarity on these questions, you need to first figure out the ultimate purpose, right ? Only than shall you be able to understand if the temporary purpose is aligned with the ultimate purpose or not ?

So you see, how critically important is it to analyze the philosophy.

You cannot escape philosophy, philosophy is involved in every action.

When you go deeper and deeper into philosophy, you go deeper and deeper into finding the ultimate purpose for your actions.

Philosophy IS involved in everything.

Consciously or subconsciously, you are DRIVEN by philosophy.

You, as a whole, transform, when your philosophy is transformed to its deepest core.

In this channel, we are targeting that same very core. Let us see how transformed you become. Will you be the same again, or will you not ?

As we proceed through this channel’s content, you will understand the importance of philosophy, way more than what you have understood through this video.

---

---

In next video, we will understand the importance of philosophy, even more, when we will dive into exploring the importance of critically analyzing each and every philosophy. And why is it so important for this world ?

---

---
