---
title: "[A1]-[6]"
date: 2023-05-02T05:51:24+05:30
draft: true
---

---

Watch video OR read below, your choice !

```
{{< youtube cv6IRddfBCs >}}
```

---

---

In earlier videos, we saw how important the philosophy is, and much more. And in previous video, we saw that even science is extremely important.

But the question is, what kind of mindset shall we have then ? Shall we be philosophical or shall we be scientific ? Or shall we be both ? If both, then which side shall we incline more on ?

We will dive into finding the answers to these question, in this video.

---

---

Through previous videos, we saw as what is philosophy, what is the difference between science and philosophy, how important is philosophy, how important is science, and much more.

But we did not touched the topic of, what is science ? In previous video, I also mentioned ‘EVERY SCIENCE.

We will not dig into it at this point of our channel’s content. We will keep it pending for core philosophy. And when we will dig into it, along with science, we will also explore the phenomenon of philosophy, at even much deeper level.

So let us come to the topic of this video.

If philosophy and science, both are extremely important, then, what kind of mindset shall we have then ? Shall we be philosophical or shall we be scientific ? Or shall we be both ? If both, then which side shall we incline more on ?

What do we do in science and philosophy ?

As we have seen earlier, we seek clarity related to one thing, and that is action.

But which chasing that clarity, how do we do that ? We do study and analysis those things. Yes, right. But there is one precise thing that we are doing here. What is it ?

It is OBSERVATION.

We OBSERVE !

The process of seeking clarity in anything, starts with OBSERVATION.

Science functioning starts by observing the nature of something, so does the functioning of Philosophy.

But the question is, why to limit observation to a specific area or areas ? Why not to expand it as much as possible, in an unrestricted way ?
WHY ?

Don’t be a scientific mind, be an observing mind.

Scientific mind is a subset of observing mind.

Don’t be a philosophical mind, be an observing mind.

Philosophical mind is a subset of observing mind.

When you are an observing mind, being a scientific mind, IS a part of you, as well as, being a philosophical mind, IS a part of you.

But always remember one thing,

JUSTICE IS ABOVE ALL & EVERYTHING.

Justice IS above observation.

Expand your observation, BUT not beyond justice. Keep it limited within justice.

Respect privacy & freewill.

---

---

So that was about science & philosophy, till now. From next video, we will start with the sub-section A2, if I don’t happen to upload, in future, any new video related to this sub-section A1. To check that, follow the sequence of nomenclature, not the sequence of upload.

So let us start with the sub-section A2, in next video. In that sub-section we will dive into understanding spirituality, and some of its aspects.

---

---
